You're 18, you don't know what you want. And you won't know what you want 'til you're 45, and even if you get it, you'll be too old to use it.
Ooh, see that, there. Who needs affection when I have blind hatred?
You're asking me out? That's so cute! What's your name again?
You're not as vile as I thought you were.
It's not everyday you find a girl who'll flash someone to get you out of detention.
1492: conquest of paradise
2001: a space odyssey
Starlight; star bright, first star I've seen tonight, I wish I may; I wish I might, Have this wish I wish tonight
Oh, he's a lover, man... definitely loves what he does for a living.
Appy-polly-loggies. I had something of a pain in the gulliver so had to sleep. I was not awakened when I gave orders for wakening.
I've suffered the tortures of the damned, sir  - tortures of the damned.
Welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, welly, well. To what do I owe the extreme pleasure of this surprising visit?
Well, like he says, it's mostly odd things he does. Helping like... here and there as it might be.
Hi, hi, hi there! At last we meet. Our brief govoreet through the letter-hole was not, shall we say, satisfactory, yes?
Naughty, naughty, naughty! You filthy old soomka!
Eggiwegs! I would like... to smash them!
Ho, ho, ho! Well, if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap, stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou!
Suddenly, I viddied what I had to do, and what I had wanted to do, and that was to do myself in; to snuff it, to blast off for ever out of this wicked, cruel world. One moment of pain perhaps and, then, sleep for ever, and ever and ever.
"I strenuously object?" Is that how it works? Hm? "Objection." "Overruled." "Oh, no, no, no. No, I STRENUOUSLY object." "Oh. Well, if you strenuously object then I should take some time to reconsider."
Oh, spare me the psychobabble father bullshit.
Oh, hah, I'm sorry, I keep forgetting. You were sick the day they taught law at law school.
Oh, now I see what you're saying. It had to be Professor Plum in the library with the candlestick.
Maybe, if we work at it, we can get Dawson charged with the Kennedy assassination.
He's sex obsessed! The older generation's leading our nation in a state of galloping ruin!
He's very fussy about his drums, you know. They loom large in his legend.
Hey, you won't interfere with the basic rugged concept of me personality, will you madam?
I'm going out parading before it's too late!
One, two, Freddy's coming for you. / Three, four, better lock your door. / Five, six, grab your crucifix. / Seven, eight, gonna stay up late. / Nine, ten, never sleep again.
I'm going to punch out your ugly lights, whoever you are!
Tina, you either gotta cut your fingernails or ya gotta stop that kind of dreaming. One or the other.
Oh, God, I could be bounded in a nutshell, and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
I'm your boyfriend now, Nancy.
Oh, man. Midnight. Baseball bats and boogeymen. Beautiful.
Nancy, you dreamed about the same creep I did.
Ain't gonna dream no more, no more. Ain't gonna dream no more. All night long I sing this song. Ain't gonna dream no more.
Phillip, wake up... Have a nice stroll, asshole.
Let's snuff the sucka.
Hi. Welcome to the snake pit.
It's now or never. I'm not gonna kid you, this is as dangerous as it gets. If you die in this dream it's for real. Nobody has to go in that doesn't want to.
Oh, hi, handsome. Care for some buns?
Joey! Kincaid! Help me!
How's this for a wet dream?
Okay, I believe you. You've had some scary dreams okay?
Mommy? Why can't Jesse wake up like everybody else?
... seven, eight, better stay awake. Nine, ten, he's back again.
Hey, Danny, better not dream and drive.
Kids... always a disappointment.
Yee-haw! This boy feels the need for speed.
You're a fucking crazy man.
Kate, he's on the run and he's scared. And he's right to be scared, 'cause he's gonna get caught. You don't know the heat on this.
Remember, tomorrow is promised to no one.
I'm your substitute driver tonight, Mr. Sullivan.
I'd been married to my Rebecca for forty-seven years. When she died, I decided I never wanted that pain again. One thing I knew about Christy, she was going to outlive me.
So, do you want my signed confession now, or after coffee?
Warning. Assholes are closer than they appear.
Look, I'll tell you a story, all right? I once feel deeply, you know, profoundly in love with tropical fish. Had 60 goddamn fish tanks in my house. I skin dived to find just the right ones. Anisotremus virginicus, Holdacanthus ciliaris, Chaetodon capistratus. You name it. Then one day I say, "fuck fish". I renounce fish. I vow never to set foot in that ocean again. That's how much "fuck fish".
Okay, well here's the twist. We find out that, that the killer really suffers from multiple personality disorder, right? See, he's actually really the cop and the girl. All of them are him. Isn't that fucked up?
I'd fuck her up the ass!
I've got sons, goddamn it! By God have I got sons!
That's what I love about this small town. Everyone knows everyone.
. No matter what happens, we land this aircraft is that understood?
Mr. President, welcome aboard, sir!
Joey, have you ever been in a... in a Turkish prison?
Shanna, they bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into. I say, let 'em crash.
He's all over the place! Nine hundred feet up to 1300 feet. What an asshole!
No, we can't do that, the risk of a flame-out is too great. Keep 'em at 24,000. No, feet.
Well, I'll give him another twenty minutes, but that's it!
I'm gonna go get Ted, just don't fall apart on me now!
Oooooh, nice shot, Jafa-
You've heard of the golden rule, haven't you? Whoever has the gold makes the rules.
You're speechless, I see. A fine quality in a wife.
What's my name? What's my name, motherfucker!
I'm the only normal one left around here. I'm a black Jew, I'm half drunk and I cant read.
Ain't no Vietcong ever called me nigger.
I'm gonna give 1000 dollars to the man who brings me Howard Cosell's toupee, dead or alive.
Father's dead, asshole. Intruder on level one. All aliens, please proceed to level one.
Don't push me, little Call. You hang with us for a while, you'll find out I am not the man with whom to fuck!
Don't ever touch me!  Ever!
You're a thing, a construct. They grew you in a fucking lab.
We'd better get back, 'cause it'll be dark soon, and they mostly come at night... mostly.
Hey, maybe you haven't been keeping up on current events, but we just got our asses kicked, pal!
Outstanding. Now all we need is a deck of cards.
Hey, Hicks. Man, you look just like I feel.
Bio-readouts are all in the green, looks like she's alive. Well, there goes our salvage, guys.
"Surgically removed before embryo implantation. Subject: Marachek, John J., died during the procedure." They killed him taking it off.
Hudson, run a bypass.
Don't cry. Just score it as an incomplete forward pass.
You're maudlin and full of self-pity. You're magnificent!
Lloyd, honey, be a playwright with guts. Write me one about a nice normal woman who just shoots her husband.
You're not much of a bargain, you know. You're conceited and thoughtless and messy.
Bill's thirty-two. He looks thirty-two. He looked it five years ago, he'll look it twenty years from now. I hate men.
I'll never forget this night as long as I live, and I'll never forget you for making it possible.
Anne, Burden's Landing is a place on the Moon. It isn't real. It doesn't exist. It's me pretending to live on what I earn. It's my mother trying to keep herself young and drinking herself old. It's you and Adam living in this house as though your father were still alive. It's an old man like the judge dreaming of the past.
Now, shut up! Shut up, all of you! Now listen to me, you hicks. Yeah, you're hicks too, and they fooled you a thousand times like they fooled me. But this time, I'm going to fool somebody. I'm going to stay in this race. I'm on my own and I'm out for blood.
I'm the hick they were gonna use to split the hick vote. But I'm standing right here now on my hind legs! Even a dog can learn to do that. Are you standing on your hind legs? Have you learned to do that yet?
He'll ditch everybody in the whole world, because that's what Willie wants. Nobody in the world but him!
Remember, it is not I who have won, but you. Your will is my strength, and your need is my justice, and I shall live in your right and your will. And if any man tries to stop me from fulfilling that right and that will, I'll break him. I'll break him with my bare hands, for I have the strength of many.
I'm going to run. You can't stop me. I'm going to run even if I don't get a single vote!
Listen... I'm tired of your chickenshit games! I don't want hints... I need to know what you know.
Don't worry, no one's getting hurt here. She knows Leslie's coming to New York tomorrow. This is the circus, everybody's trying not to go home. Stop looking at me like that.
"That groupie"? She was a Band-Aid! All she did was love your band. And you used her, all of you! You used her and threw her away! She almost died last night while you were with Bob Dylan. You guys, you're always talking about the fans, the fans, the fans; she was your biggest fan, and you threw her away! And if you can't see that, that's your biggest problem. And I love her! I love her!
I'm never as good as when you're there.
They're all so beautiful. Why don't I have three heads?
What's so intelligent about writing a Requiem Mass?
Sire, only opera can do this. In a play if more than one person speaks at the same time, it's just noise, no one can understand a word. But with opera, with music... with music you can have twenty individuals all talking at the same time, and it's not noise, it's a perfect harmony!
It's that psycho next door. Jane, what if he worships you? What if he's got a shrine with pictures of you surrounded by dead people's heads and stuff?
That's my wife, Carolyn. See the way the handle on her pruning shears matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident.
Man, oh man. Man, oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man.
Good. I'm looking for the least possible amount of responsibility.
I'm so sorry for the way things look around here.
I'm not obsessing. I'm just curious.
Janie's a pretty typical teenager. Angry, insecure, confused. I wish I could tell her that's all going to pass, but I don't want to lie to her.
Smile! You're at Mr. Smiley's.
Oh, what? You're mother of the year? You treat her like an employee.
She's not your friend. She's just someone you use to feel better about yourself.
It's not in my best interest to say this Frank, but quitting while you're ahead, is not the same as quitting.
Hello. Buenos Noches. You sure you don't need a lift somewhere? Huh? Hey, you know John Milner? John Milner's a good friend of mine. Hey, did anybody ever tell you that you look just like Connie Stevens?
Sneakin' around with the Wolfman, baby. This is gonna strike a raw nerve, Mama. Here's The Platters.
Oh, race him. You can beat him.
Hey, have a popsicle. The ice box just broke down, and they're melting all over the place. You want one?
Gee, thanks. It's just like a ring or something. It's like were going steady.
Derek, what are you trying to prove?
Oh, look at that. The good lord is a bit shorter than I reckoned.
It's going to be a long spring.
God... let this be it.
Now, do you know what a clitoris is?
I'm a sophisticated sex robot, sent back in time to change the future for one lucky lady.
We'll just tell your mother that... we ate it all.
Harold, it's Bateman, Patrick Bateman. You're my lawyer so I think you should know: I've killed a lot of people. Some girls in the apartment uptown uh, some homeless people maybe 5 or 10 um an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot behind some donut shop. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun, and some man uh some old faggot with a dog last week. I killed another girl with a chainsaw, I had to, she almost got away and uh someone else there I can't remember maybe a model, but she's dead too. And Paul Allen. I killed Paul Allen with an axe in the face, his body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here. I guess I've killed maybe 20 people, maybe 40. I have tapes of a lot of it, uh some of the girls have seen the tapes. I even, um... I ate some of their brains, and I tried to cook a little. Tonight I, uh, I just had to kill a LOT of people. And I'm not sure I'm gonna get away with it this time. I guess I'll uh, I mean, ah, I guess I'm a pretty uh, I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy. So, if you get back tomorrow, I may show up at Harry's Bar, so you know, keep your eyes open.
That's a very fine chardonnay you're drinking. I want you to clean your vagina.
}: I'm not really hungry, I just need to have reservations somewhere.
Don't touch the watch.
I'm leaving. I've assessed the situation, and I'm going.
I'm on the verge of tears by the time we arrive at Espace, since I'm positive we won't have a decent table. But we do, and relief washes over me in an awesome wave.
Hey, I'm a child of divorce, gimme a break!
Listen, you'll have to excuse me. I have a lunch meeting with Cliff Huxtable at the Four Seasons in 20 minutes.
I'm fairly certain that Timothy Bryce and Evelyn are having an affair. Timothy is the only interesting person I know. I'm almost completely indifferent as to whether Evelyn knows I'm having an affair with Courtney Rawlinson, her closest friend. Courtney is almost perfect looking. She's usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs; tonight I believe it's Xanax. More disturbing than the drug use, though, is the fact that she's engaged to Luis Carruthers, the biggest dufus in the business.
You're dating Luis, he's in Arizona. You're fucking me and we haven't made plans. What could you possibly be up to tonight?
You're not confused, are you?
Hi, this is Paul Allen. I'm being called away to London for a few days. Meredith, I'll call you when I get back. Hasta la vista, baby.
Pumpkin, you're dating an asshole.
I'm going completely crazy.
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
Sean, I think there are some hooligans in the park again.
It's funny though, isn't it? All that poetry and all those songs, about something that lasts no time at all.
Hey, why don't you look over that way before I bust you in your fuckin' head.
I'd like to see a movie, but it's nothing but this shoot-em-up action bullshit. I get enough of that at work.
That's what I hate about this government. Everything's in red.
Hello? I forgot my mantra.
Don't worry. We can walk to the curb from here.
Hey, Harvard makes mistakes too! Kissinger taught there!
Don't you see the rest of the country looks upon New York like we're left-wing, communist, Jewish, homosexual pornographers? I think of us that way sometimes and I live here.
Annie, there's a big lobster behind the refrigerator. I can't get it out. This thing's heavy. Maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker, it will run out the other side.
Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.
Don't make my mistake, kid. Don't follow orders your whole life. Think for yourself.
Lieutenant, bomb that tree line about 100 yards back! Give me some room to breathe!
Boy, be careful. You play with fire.
Oh, dear God, it's growing bigger!
That's it, go ahead and run. Run home and cry to mama!
It's a trick. Get an axe.
Well, it's not right to go into details, I got nervous. I screwed up, I said the wrong thing... Where if I hadn't, I could be in bed right now with a woman who, if you make her laugh, you got a life. Instead I'm here with you  . No offense, but a moron pushing the last legal drug.
You're a disgrace to depression.
Great. I'm blind and you're deaf. What a perfect pair.
Yeah, and I can't believe Liberace was gay. I mean, women loved him! I didn't see that one coming.
Actually, my name is Austin Powers. Danger is my middle name.
I've been frozen for 30 years. I've got to see if my bits and pieces are still working.
That's not your mother, it's a man, baby!
There's nothing as pathetic as an aging hipster.
Finally, we come to my number two man. His name? Number Two.
Buddy, I hate to break it to you, but in the real world... where I live... there're only two kinds of love stories. Boy loses girl and girl loses boy. That's all there is. Somebody always gets left behind. You try to avoid that, you'll end up an old man toastin' yourself with egg nog in the mirror on Christmas Eve. You'll end up dying in your own arms.
Where's my goddamn cigarette? What's wrong with this picture!
They're not gonna give up their home. They're not gonna make a deal.  For-for what? A light beer and blue jeans? There's nothing that we have that they want. Everything they sent me out here to do is a waste of time. They're never gonna leave Hometree.
Well, well, well. I'd say diplomacy has failed.
?the Mighty Mets stormed their locker room shortly after nine o'clock on their night to remember. Released from bondage and ridicule after seven destitute seasons, they raised the roof of Shea Stadium - while their fans attempted to dismantle it - in one of the loudest, wildest victory celebrations in baseball history
Hello. My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I've been away for quite some time.I'm back.
I'm sorry, if you were right, I would agree with you.
You'd think at a certain point all these atypical somethings would amount to a typical something.
Chuck. Chuck. It's Marvin - your cousin, Marvin BERRY. You know that new sound you're looking for? Well, listen to this.
I've never seen purple underwear before!
Jesus, George, it was a wonder I was even born.
I'm gonna get that son of a bitch.
Hey, McFly. I thought I told you never to come in here.
Tim, you're just a lost ball in the high weeds.
You're not only wrong. You're wrong at the top of your voice.
Tim, you've got the body of a hippo but the brain of a rabbit; now don't overtax it.
I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santy Claus.
Oh, my. What a terrible accident. Mm-mm-mm...
OW... OW... OW... I cut my hand, by mistake OW... OW... OW...
I'm not your fucking Da-Da.
It's Christmas and the kid's gettin' his fuckin' present.
OW! Watch the toenails, kid. Shit!
It's a wooden pickle.
Motherfucker! Oh you lousy, fucking motherfucker.
I'll give you a dollar if you eat this collie.
Hey, I found a toaster.
I'm not sorry. And I'll not apologize. And I'd as soon go to Dublin as to hell.
I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain.
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
Sex? He's a man! We wrestled!
Yeah... Ladies do ask for attention. In my experience, they pretend to give it, but it's generally a smokescreen for demanding it back with interest.
That's $2000 and he's from the Metropolitan Museum of Art, suck my pussy, you star!
Gentlemen! Let's broaden our minds. Lawrence?
Now, you can be a part of the action. Witness the entertainment in your living room.  The Box, in every home in America, and one day, the world.
Batman? Batman, you say? Coming for you?  I'm... COUNTING ON IT!
Let's see if you bleed green.
Honey, I'm home. Oh, I forgot. I'm not married.
I'm not big on speeches, so I'd just like to say: thanks.
True. I was their number one son, and they treated me like number two.
Sir, shall we change the channel to a program with some dignity and class? The Love Connection, perhaps?
It's the so-called "normal" guys who always let you down. Sickos never scare me. Least they're committed.
Please. I wouldn't touch you to scratch you.
Well, the party never stops on Selina Kyle's answering machine...
Actually, this is all just a bad dream. You're at home, in bed, heavily sedated, resting comfortably, dying from the carcinogens you personally spewed in a lifetime of profiteering. Tragic irony or poetic justice, you tell me.
Shit, I'd rather be in Afghanistan.
Hey, what's wrong with Meat Loaf's butt?
Well, I'll be a monkey's bare-assed uncle.
Hey, Beavis, check it out. I'm jacking off.
Whoa, cool. Hey, can I have a gun, too?
Yoohoo! Travis and Bob Head! Hello!
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people away.
We've come for your daughter Chuck.
Oh, Adam! We're trapped in this house with those people!
Mom, Dad. I just want you two to know, you're welcome at our house anytime you want to come over. In the meantime, the dowry's on me, dad.
Ugh. Deliver me from L.L. Bean.
Oh, what magic those fingers could work on the right cabinet! Maybe you could alphabetize me. And remember, 'I' comes before 'U'.
You're not someone I could get interested in, Craig, you play with dolls.
Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
Don't stand in the way of my actualization as a man.
J.M. Inc.: Be all that someone else can be.
Craig, I don't find you attractive, but Lotte, I'm smitten with you. I am... but only when you're in Malkovich. When I was with him last night, I was looking into his eyes and could sense your feminine longing.
Here's the thing: If you ever get me, you wouldn't have a clue what to do with me.
You're nuts to let a girl go that calls you Lotte, I tell you that as a friend.
It's for sure a white man's world in America. Look here: I raised that boy since he was the size of a piss-ant. And I'll say right now, he never learned to read and write. No, sir. Had no brains at all. Was stuffed with rice pudding between th' ears. Shortchanged by the Lord, and dumb as a jackass. Look at him now! Yes, sir, all you've gotta be is white in America, to get whatever you want. Gobbledy-gook!
I'd use the chain if I were you.
"The milkman just dropped dead on the porch." Because see, my mother was banging the milkman.
Dad, I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact.
He's almost a stranger, and I prefer him to you!
She'll make soap out of you. That's what she does. She makes soap out of people.
There's a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost... the ship has sailed and only a fool would continue. Truth is... I've always been a fool.
It's rude to talk about religion, you never know who you're gonna offend.
Sometimes, the only way to catch an uncatchable woman is to offer her a wedding ring.
I've been nothin' but myself since the day I was born, and if you can't see that it's your failin', not mine.
I'll give you a tune later.
I'm cookin' steaks fah dinnah. I expect you to stay.
There's a war going on out there. Blade, myself, a few others, we've tried to keep it from spilling over onto the streets. Sometimes people like yourself get caught in the cross fire.
Christ! I'm too old for this! Somebody get me a goddamn wheelchair!
Vampires... I hate vampires...
There's an old saying: Keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer.
Well, you didn't think I forgot about you, did you?
I'm from the, uh, Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.
She's making playlists. She likes to listen to MP3s when she hunts. It's like her own internal soundtrack, you know? Dark core, trip-hop, whatever kids are listening to these days. Me, I'm more of a David Hasselhof fan, you know?
Hey, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Where're you going?  Where the fuck is he going? This is supposed to be a rescue!
Don't you know that fur is murder?
Let's do it outside, in nature.
JEEEE-zus, I've got a hangover... ... you wanta drink?
Look. Personally I don't give a shit. I know Marty's a hard-on but you gotta do something. I don't know; give the money back, say you're sorry, or get the fuck out of here, or something... It's very humiliating, preaching about this shit... I'm not laughing at this, Ray Bob, so you know it's no fucking joke.
Man, you don't know dick about smugglin' no drugs!
I'm seeing something that was always hidden. I'm in the middle of a mystery and it's all secret.
Suave! Goddamn you're one suave fucker!
It's a strange world.
Don't you fucking look at me!
Don't be a good neighbor to her. I'll send you a love letter,  straight from my heart, fucker! You know what a love letter is? It's a bullet from a fucking gun, fucker! You receive a love letter from me, you're fucked forever! You understand, fuck? I'll send you straight to hell, fucker!
Let's fuck! I'll fuck anything that moves!
Well, some men, once they get a whiff of it, they trail you like a hound.
Mr. Racine, the next time you come into my courtroom I hope you've got either a better defense, or a better class of client.
I'm really disappointed in you, Racine. I've been living vicariously off of you for years. You shut up on me now, all I have is my wife.
There's nothing but a dark world of pain locked in that building.
Sherman, I'm coming from the South and I'm starting to not like this!
Sherman... where are all the white people?
Maria, you're incorrigible!
Hell, you might just be the best damn girl in Texas.
There's nothing wrong with me, I mean I don't like boys.
You're just like your brother. Ignorant, uneducated hillbilly, except the only special thing about you is your peculiar ideas about love-making, which is no love-making at all.
...the truck drivers come in to eat greasy burgers and they kid you and you kid them back, but they're stupid and dumb, boys with big tattoos all over 'em, and you don't like it... And they ask you for dates and sometimes you go... but you mostly don't, and all they ever try is to get into your pants whether you want to or not... and you go home and sit in your room and think, when and how will I ever get away from this?... And now you know.
I'm ready to shoot RIGHT NOW.
He's my 17-year-old piece of gold.
Jack, I'm 26 years old, I didn't run away from home.
He's out.  And you're out, too. And I dont think I'm in, either. No gang!
Oh, Johnny hits on me all the time. He hits on anything in high heels.
I'm a dead man, Johnnie? I'm a fucking dead man? Guess again, Johnnie. Who's the dead man? Who? Who's dead, fuckface? Who? Who? I can't hear you, Johnnie. Guess again. Take another guess, Johnnie. Take another fucking guess.
First, learn to use  this. Then I'll teach you to use  this.
I'm the one who's rotting, but I think your face looks graver than mine.
There's a difference between us. You think the people of this country exist to provide you with position. I think your position exists to provide those people with freedom. And I go to make sure that they have it.
Mistakes? We don't make mistakes.
Where'd you get this from, eh? Out yer nostril?
Yes... No... I don't know. I don't know what I want.
We're fielding all their strokes, running a lot of them out, and pretty consistently knocking them for six. I'd say they're nearly out of the game.
Jill? Yes... Sam I think I ought to tell you. I'm afraid she's upped stumps and retired to the pavillion. Thrown in the towel.
Mr. Lowry, can you wait in reception? You're giving her wrinkles.
Sorry, I'm a bit of a stickler for paperwork. Where would we be if we didn't follow the correct procedures?
You'd better pray she's still alive.
Uh-huh. And he wants cash on the nail. He's a pot-skulled reef worm with more hop in his head than blood. Why pay for dirt you can't believe?
No, bulls would gum it. They'd flash their dusty standards at the wide-eyes and probably find some yegg to pin, probably even the right one. But they'd trample the real tracks and scare the real players back into their holes, and if we're doing this I want the whole story. No cops, not for a bit.
Oh, you live in Milwaukee? Oh, I'm sorry.
Frank, what do you know? It's you and me again tonight. The rough riders, tearing up the streets, just like old times. This old bus is a warrior, Frank. I have tried to kill her, but she will not die. I have a great respect for that.
66-Exterminator here. We like our coffee bloody!
Oh, I see. With all the poor people of this city who wanted only to live and were viciously murdered, you have the nerve to sit here, wanting to die, and not go through with it? You make me sick!
You'll be going to the man who needs no introduction. Chronic caller of the year three straight and shooting for number four. The duke of drunk, the king of stink, our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh.
Tom, where are the Band-Aids? This IS an ambulance, isn't it?
I'd always had nightmares, but now the ghosts didn't wait for me to sleep.
Don't make me take off my sunglasses!
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive? If "needy" were a turn-on?
I-I can't help you. Sorry, I'm not here to teach remedial reporting.
Let's never forget, we're the real story, not them.
I'm Bruce Nolan with Eyewitness Nose... Eyewitness Nose... that's right!
Buffy? What's your sitch? You're acting like the thing from another tax bracket.
Great. My secret weapon is PMS. That's just terrific. Thanks for telling me.
Merrick, you made a Joke. Are you okay? Do You want to lie down? I know it hurts the first time
Why's he calling me meat? I'm the one driving a Porsche.
Yeah, I was in the show. I was in the show for 21 days once - the 21 greatest days of my life. You know, you never handle your luggage in the show, somebody else carries your bags. It was great. You hit white balls for batting practice, the ballparks are like cathedrals, the hotels all have room service, and the women all have long legs and brains.
I'm buried in a box. I'm buried in a box!
...that your ransom video already has 47,000 hits on YouTube.
Oh, God, Georgia. Tell me you don't have the flu.  Oh no... please have the flu!
we've been over, and over, and over this, first you say you can't commit, and then... would you come down from there?
You're gonna have to do better than that, Steven. Steven. St-st-my lisp is gone!  You thtupid thon of a bitch!
Quickly, muster atop your steed. Buddy, get on the friggin' horse. I don't think he's kidding.
He's naturally mendacious. Not to be trusted. If he had a hundred dollars he'd steal a stick of chewing gum.
We're not so different as you might think.
You'll excuse me, gentlemen. Your business is politics, mine is running a saloon.
Ricky, I'm going to miss you. Apparently you're the only one in Casablanca with less scruples than I.
I'm on their blacklist - their roll of honor!
Alright, I'll make it easier for you: Go ahead and shoot. You'll be doing me a favor.
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Listen, if you didn't know you're bein' scammed, you're too fuckin' dumb to keep this job. If you did know, you were in on it. Either way, you're out. Get out! Go on. Let's go.
Normally, my prospects of coming back alive from a meeting with Nicky were 99 out of 100. But this time, when I heard him say "a couple of hundred yards down the road", I gave myself 50-50.
That's a lot of money to be counting out in public.
Now, notice how in the count room nobody ever seems to see anything. Somehow, somebody's always lookin' the other way. Now, look at these guys. They look busy, right? They're countin' money. Who wants to bother them? I mean, God forbid they should make a mistake and forget to steal.
What's he doing? He knows those guys he yelled at are friends of ours. What's the matter with him? Making all this mess!
I'm what counts out here. Not your fuckin' country clubs or your fuckin' TV shows. And what the fuck are you doin' on TV anyhow?
Now, on top of everything else, I gotta make sure no one fucks around with the Golden Jew.
Peek-a-boo, you fucks, you!
Fuckin' bosses. I mean, they're smokin' their Di Nobilis and they're eatin' trippa and fuckin' suffritt', you know, fried pigs guts? While, if I wanna talk private, I gotta go to a fuckin' bus stop.
Me? Thats why The Bosses sent me out here - they wanted me to make sure none of the other crews robbed the joint. Like these two fuckin' ballonheads over here. They were gonna try to bang us outta two hundred fuckin' grand? Yeah, right, I'm sure.
Nicky's methods of betting weren't scientific, but they worked. When he won, he collected. When he lost, he told the bookies to go fuck themselves. I mean, what were they going to do, muscle Nicky? Nicky was the muscle.
Ah, people only know what you tell them, Carl.
How'd you do it Frank? How did you cheat on the bar exam in Louisiana?
Amateurs! You boys thought you could come in here and steal all these beautiful things? What a purrrfect idea!
"Ricky Martin"? You named your kid "Ricky Martin"?
You've got the wrong family! You've got the wrong family!
It's raining cats, dogs, and democrats out there, this better be worth it.
Mrs. Collins, if that boy's your son I'll eat my yard stick.
Dig. You put them in the ground, now you can take them out. You heard me. Dig.
Heroin, peppermint-flavored heroin.
charlie's angels
Hey! I like that guy!
charlie's angels
charlie's angels
charlie's angels
You're way too conservative for that girl. She's been around and seen things we've only read about in books.
Okay, I've had my finger up my ass. I wouldn't say I've had anal sex.
'Course I'm respectable. I'm old. Politicians, ugly buildings, and whores all get respectable if they last long enough.
You've got a nasty reputation, Mr. Gittes. I like that.
You're a very nosy fellow, kitty cat. Huh? You know what happens to nosy fellows? Huh? No? Wanna guess? Huh? No? Okay. They lose their noses.
Mr. Kane is finishing the review you started - he's writing a bad notice. I guess that'll show you.
Who's the busiest man? Me? I've got nothing but time! What do you wanna know?
Love! You don't love anybody! Me or anybody else! You want to be loved - that's all you want! I'm Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you want - just name it and it's yours! Only love me! Don't expect me to love you
You're the greatest fool I've ever known, Kane. If it was anybody else, I'd say what's going to happen to you would be a lesson to you. Only you're going to need more than one lesson. And you're going to get more than one lesson.
There's only one person in the world who's going to decide what I'm going to do and that's me...
Hey, try not to suck any dick on the way through the parking lot!
It's important to have a job that makes a difference, boys. That's why I manually masturbate caged animals for artificial insemination.
I'm offering you my body and you're offering me semantics.
Yeah, I mean aside from the cheating, we were a great couple. I mean that's what high school was about, algebra, bad lunch, and infidelity.
Hello. What? No I don't work today, I'm playing hockey at two.
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
Remember, shithead! Keep your arms and legs in the vehicle at all times!
'Cobb, a prince among men, misunderstood in his genius, as genius always is'...  This is the second line from what will be the greatest biography of a great man ever written - type it!
Daddy, come inside before you drown!
Well, you have your war.
Ruby, this fence may be the first thing I ever did that might produce an actual result.
So, you have never wrapped your legs around this Inman?
Don't worry, son. Those Yankee boys keep store hours. They ain't open yet.
I've had to put myself in the way of people's kindness.
I'm wetter than a fish.
Oh, he's so full of manure, that man! We could lay him in the dirt and grow another one just like him.
Let's put him in a pot.
I've learned a person can pretty much survive off of a goat. A goat gives you company, and milk, and cheese... and when you need it, good meat.
Congratulations. I'll send you out with a shot gun a lot more.
Well, that was brilliant...
Don't get me cornered. You don't have the trunk space.
Hey, man, what did you do, have a food fight in here?
I'll show you collateral damage!
I'm not killing people... my future's in television.
You're 32 years old, and you've achieved nothing. Jesus Christ was dead and alive again by 33. You better get crackin'.
That's really not going to help.
No. You will live, John Constantine. You will live so you will have the chance to prove that your soul truly belongs in hell. Oh, you will live. You will live.
Officially, I was dead for two minutes... but when you cross over, time stops. Take it from me, two minutes in hell is a lifetime.
Yeah, what do you want? An extension?
Hey, buddy, got a light?
CQ, this is W9GFO, do you copy?  Dad, this is Ellie, come back?... This is Eleanor Arroway, transmitting on 14.2 megahertz.  Dad, are you there? Come back? Dad, are you there? Dad, this is Ellie...
CQ, this is W9GFO. CQ, this is W9GFO here. Come back?
Dr. Arroway. You come to us with no evidence, no record, no artifacts, only a story that, to put it mildly, strains credibility. Over half a trillion dollars was spent. Dozens of lives were lost. Are you really gonna sit there and tell us we should just take this all on faith?
That's my darling Luke. He grins like a baby but bites like a gator.
Alright, stand back you pedestrians, this ain't no automobile accident.
Whoa! Check out Slug-zilla!
You're in terrible danger, girl!
Don't remember our names, but I 'member my true mommy.
Crazy? You're the jerk wad that gave me the doll!
He's not drunk, Mom, he's just eccentric.
Makin' up a song about Coraline/ She's a peach, she's a doll, she's a pal of mine/ She's as cute as a button in the eyes of everyone who's ever laid their eyes on Coraline/ When she comes around exploring/ Mom and I will never ever make it boring/ Our eyes will be on Coraline!
Hush, and shush, for the beldam might be listening.
T'ain't all bad, miss. Thou art alive. Thou art still liviing.
Jesus. Nothing's easy.
How'd you like that one, tough guy? How fricking awesome was that, huh?
I'm going to get that little fucker if it's the last thing I do.  It may actually be the last thing I do.
I'm gonna kick some black ass!
Well, I'm glad to hear that. Listen, I've been fatally poisoned, there's probably a psychopath heading over there to torture and kill you as we speak, but don't bother getting out of bed, I'll be there in a flash... Maybe you could fry me up a waffle or something, kay?
Don't worry. That guy's gotta see us. Don't worry. That guy's gotta see us... These were the confident last words of the brilliant, young Hollywood star James Dean as he piloted his Porsche 550 Spyder race car toward a date with death along a lonely stretch of California two-lane blacktop Route 466... Don't worry that guy's gotta see us. The year... 1955. The day... September 30. The time... Now. The first star of our show is Little Bastard. James Dean's racing Porsche. He named it after himself and had his racing number - 130 - painted on it.
I'm not an enigma, just a contradiction.
You're my conscience.
We've done some pretty fucked up shit in our time but this... I mean, we're destroying an innocent girl. You do realize that?
E-mail is for geeks and pedophiles.
"I love you"? My God. You are completely pussy-whipped.
I'm tired and emotional.
See, I'm not a young thing anymore.
You're telling me telethon boy is a genius?
Kazan! Get out through the door!
*You* figure it out! You haven't done anything! All you do is freak out, you murderer!
I'm not dying in a fucking rat maze!
Hey! Listen to what I'm saying. We haven't been moving in circles, the rooms have.
Spivy! You bash that prisoner one more time, I'll put those shackles on YOU!
Bomb, this is Lt. Doolittle. You are *not* to detonate in the bomb bay. I repeat, you are NOT to detonate in the bomb bay!
Don't give me any of that intelligent life crap, just give me something I can blow up
He's a cockroach; first you think you kill him and he pops right back up again!
Look, I'll make this easy for you. I barely see him anymore. I barely know him anymore. I'd just kind of like to know where he is.
There's no mistake, Bill. When you veto someone's funding that is not a mistake. When you hurt someone intentionally that is not a mistake.
I'm exercising the right not to walk.
It's not the Bible, you're not gonna go to Hell for this.
Mr. Anderson! Don't think that I don't know that this assignment scares the hell out of you, you mole!
Now, don't just walk off the edge like lemmings! Look around you!
You're in the club! Being in the club means being stirred up by things! You look about as stirred up as a cesspool!
Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth.
Boys, you must strive to find your own voice. Because the longer you wait to begin, the less likely you are to find it at all. Thoreau said, "Most men lead lives of quiet desperation." Don't be resigned to that. Break out!
They're not that different from you, are they? Same haircuts. Full of hormones, just like you. Invincible, just like you feel. The world is their oyster. They believe they're destined for great things, just like many of you, their eyes are full of hope, just like you. Did they wait until it was too late to make from their lives even one iota of what they were capable? Because, you see gentlemen, these boys are now fertilizing daffodils. But if you listen real close, you can hear them whisper their legacy to you. Go on, lean in. Listen, you hear it? - - Carpe - - hear it? - - Carpe, carpe diem, seize the day boys, make your lives extraordinary.
I'm Rainbow Fucking Randolph!
Okay, I'm gonna go take a dump!
They've gotten a bad name 'cause, uh, I mean, there's a limited market for Parkinson's disease.
Yes. You annoy me, therefore I exist.
You're gonna regret this the rest of your life... both seconds of it.
Damn, I'm possessed! Wonder if I can play the accordion too...
Oh, yeah, *STELLA*! And we'll deserve it too, won't we? But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna make it *really* worth their while!
BETH? Are you waiting for a confession? I thought you were Jewish?
Oh, God, God if you get me out of this, I swear, I will never pull my pork again!
Christine? Christine! You googatz in the head or something? We are on the side of the freakin' highway!
Okay, dope-burnout, let's get one thing straight, here. As far as I'm concerned, good tunes is good tunes. Be it disco or rock, or polka, or whatever have you, regardless of the category. Disco is just easier to dance to.
Hey, thanks for letting us use your make-up supply. You must have the entire Revlon factory in your purse, you greasy disco ball!
devil's advocate
devil's advocate
Don't get too cocky my boy. No matter how good you are don't ever let them see you coming. That's the gaffe my friend. You gotta keep yourself small. Innocuous. Be the little guy. You know, the nerd... the leper... shit-kickin' surfer. Look at me.  Underestimated from day one. You'd never think I was a master of the universe, now would ya?
devil's advocate
devil's advocate
devil's advocate
Walter, as your lawyer I'm advising you to stay the fuck away from me.
devil's advocate
Mr. Takagi, I could talk about industrialization and men's fashion all day, but I'm afraid work must intrude, and my associate, Theo, has some questions for you. Sort of fill in the blanks questions, actually.
C'mon baby, come ta' papa, I'll kiss ya' fuckin' dalmatian.
Authorization? How about the United States FUCKING government? Lose the grid, or you lose your job.
Mrs. McClane. How nice to make your acquaintance.
That's either the creepiest... or the sweetest thing I have ever heard.
Yes, concentrate. Now this one's for the gold.
It's alright I'm green! I'm green!
Yes, children, this is the cool-out corner. We're slowing it down for all the lovers in the house. I'll be giving you all the help you need. Musically, that is.
Whoa. Y'all take a chill. You got to cool that shit off. And that's the double-truth, Ruth.
Hey, Sal, how come they ain't no brothas on the wall?
Mr. McGee, don't blame me. You wouldn't like me while I'm angry.
See? I'm as anatomically impaired as a Ken doll.
I'm supposed to be in it. I was the thirteenth apostle.
Glick's the kind of asshole that would bless his own clubs for a better game.
That's what you get, Mother fucker!
Heh, me lead you? Lady look at me, I don't even know where the hell I am half the time!
So, Jay tells us you're gonna sleep with him.
I've been training since I was twelve. Knives, guns, throwing stars. You name it, and I can fight with it. I'm a hard worker. I'm a hard worker and a fast learner. Nothing scares me. I'm not afraid to die.
I'm gonna fill up the tank and grab a Mountain Dew. Don't make a peep. Especially you, Barbara.
I'm voting for Dukakis.
"No duh" is a product of fear.
Hey, porky pig, I hope you get molested.
Donnie, an atheist is someone who denies altogether the existence of God. You're an agnostic. An agnostic is someone who believes that there can be no proof of the existence of God, but does not deny the possibility that God exists.
Well, I get darn sick of tryin' to pick up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy who sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes.
Who'd you think I was anyway? The guy that walks into a good looking dame's front parlour and says, "Good afternoon, I sell accident insurance on husbands... you got one that's been around too long? One you'd like to turn into a little hard cash?"
It's just like the first time I came here, isn't it? We were talking about automobile insurance, only you were thinking about murder. And I was thinking about that anklet.
Well, hello there, Mr. Neff.
Walter, you're all washed up.
That's a honey of an anklet you're wearing, Mrs. Dietrichson.
You'd be surprised what you'll be willing to do, when the Lamia comes for you.
It's a shield. I made it. Might keep the fire off of you, might not. You know, you're an idiot. You're going to die tonight. You'll be ripped, limb from limb. This is the last time I'll ever speak to you!
You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
I'd have good strong roots in a town like Mt. Rose, a solid Christian trunk, and long, leafy branches to provide shade for handicapped kids on a hot summer day.
Fuckin' beauty queens blowing chunks everywhere. I-I've never seen anything like it before, and I live in L.A.
Oh, Yeah, Frida, sure. She was the oldest living Lutheran. Now she's dead as a doornail. It's them damn Shriner's, won't take down the God damn sign the lazy sons of bitches. Every year, every damn year I tell them, "Take down the God damn Frida sign, you lazy sons of bitches!"
Why? Well, ah, it's kind of like askin' why all the guys chew Copenhagen, you know? I mea - If you're 17, and you're not a total fry, it's just what you do.
Yah, my ma's clothes all melted onto mine forming, like, this big polyester meteor in our closet, y'know? But, in some kinda weird miracle, our neighbor boy, Kenny Hanson, found my tap costume on the roof o' their trailer while he was settin' coon traps for his dad. Here's the weird part: it was still on the hanger.
They're never gonna let you perform naked, I asked!
English! Speak Engrish, you stupid rittle retard!
Here's your paint can. And the next time you drink window cleaner, I'm just gonna leave it in you!
Hi. I'm Amber Atkins, and I'm signing up cause uh my two favorite people in the whole world competed in pageants: my mom and Diane Sawyer... Course, I hope I end up a little more like Diane Sawyer than my mom.
Yeah. I like a woman with some meat on her bones.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. They jar something deep inside, allowing him to grow. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
Behold, as a wild ass in the desert, go I forth to my work.
Father... father, the sleeper has awakened!
Sometimes, if things are closed, you just, open them up.
Kirill, we don't kill little babies.
Okay. Now I'm going to do his teeth and cut off his fingers. You might want to leave room.
So, you know where I am...and now I know where you are, Anna Ivanovna.
Oh, what does that old queen know?
Children! I love children.
Home? I have no home. Haunted... despised... living like an animal. The jungle is my home! But I will show the world that I can be its master. I shall perfect my own race of people... a race of atomic supermen that will conquer the world!
They're driving me CRAZY. These Baptists are stupid. Stupid. STUPID.
Greetings, my friends! You are interested in the unknown. The mysterious. The unexplainable. That is why you are here. And now, for the first time, we are bringing you the full story of what happened. We are giving you all the evidence based only on the secret testimony of the miserable souls who survived this terrifying ordeal. The incidents, faces. My friends, we cannot keep this a secret any longer. Can your heart stand the shocking facts of the true story of Edward D. Wood Jr.?
I'm not getting near that goddamn thing. One of them burned me in "The Return of Chandu".
Well, I see the usual cast of misfits and dope addicts are here.
Eddie, we're in show biz. It's all about razzle-dazzle. Appearances. If you look good, and you talk well, people will swallow anything.
Look, Ed, you put *anybody* on television sixteen hours a day, and sooner or later they're going to fall off a table and land on a cat.
Don't be ridiculous! You're not handicapped, you're... What do they call the... exceptional? My name's Joyce, and I noticed that you have not tasted any of the ambrosia salad that I made especially for you. Allow me.
We're looking for the man with the hands.
Eddie. The guys and I were talking, we'd like want to invite you to our card game on Friday night. Would you like that? Only thing is, you can't cut!
Hello? Hello? Hello? Avon calling. Oh, my. Hello? Hello? I'm Peg Boggs. I'm your local Avon representative. Hello? I... I'm sorry to barge in like this, but you don't have any reason to be afraid. Ooh! This is some huge house, isn't it? Thank goodness for those aerobics... classes. Hello? Hello?
Sweetheart, you can't buy the necessities of life with cookies.
Mr.McAllister. Mr.McAllister. Somebody's torn down my poster. It's not fair. Can I get an A? Can I get a recommendation? Can I? Can I? Fuck them.
Larry, we're not electing the fucking Pope here. Just tell me who won.
There's something you could do for me - something I have not known for a very long time. But it's not to be spoken of afterwards. It must be forgotten. But just for now, a kiss?  I die.
Majesty, this is not the Queen I love and serve.
Well, this looks like the end of a terrible friendship.
Ed, have a fucking cup of coffee.
Look, I don't know shit about shit but I know right from wrong!
They're savages, Mr. President.
Ayy! Number Onnee! You're the Duke! You're the Duke!  You're the... Duke.  You're... A-number one.
It's the survival of the human race, Plissken. Something you don't give a shit about.
Attention. You are now entering the Debarkation Area. No talking. No smoking. Follow the orange line to the Processing Area. The next scheduled departure to the prison is in two hours. You now have the option to terminate and be cremated on the premises. If you elect this option, notify the Duty Sergeant in your Processing Area.
Sorry, I'm just... trying to be nice.
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here, that way you won't be confused by their unexplainable presence in your home.
Everything's green on my screen, skipper.
I'm gonna break your face!
I'm all right now, Ashley! Come unlock this chain and let me out! I'm all right now! It's your sister Cheryl!
It's useless! Useless! In time it will come for him and then it will come for you!
You're not gonna leave me here, are you? Are ya, Ash?
Merlin! Where are you? Call your dragon to weave a mist to hide us!
You're not listening... well, your heart is not. Love is deaf as well as blind. That's it.
eXistenZ. Written like this. One word. Small 'E', capital 'X', capital 'Z'. 'eXistenZ'. It's new, it's from Antenna Research, and it's here... right now.
face/off
You'll be seeing a lot of changes around here. Papa's got a brand new bag.
face/off
Uh, sir, Larry King just canceled. Apparently there's a bigger story.
Hey. Nice do. Likin' the grandpa look.
Painful? You don't know the meaning of the word.
That's my nose, genius. These are my lips.
Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
Y'all are trespassin' now. *Illegally*.
Honey, I am seven fox years old. My father died at seven and a half. I don't want to live in a hole anymore, and I'm going to do something about it.
You'll wind up a Hindu; and love all forms of life, no matter how small.
I'm not sure I agree with you a hundred percent on your police work, there, Lou.
Ah, hon, ya got Arby's all over me.
OK, so we got a trooper pulls someone over, we got a shooting, these folks drive by, there's a high-speed pursuit, ends here and then this execution-type deal.
I'm not talking about your damn word, Jerry.
Hey, wait a minute, there's no birthday party for me here!
Awesome! Totally awesome! All right, Hamilton!
Aloha. My name is Mr. Hand.
Brad, your sister's turning into a fox!
Jeez. Doesn't anyone fucking knock any more?
It's okay. He's just admiring the shape of your skull.
There's one thing you should probably understand... *Can you hear me?* Good. I want you to have all the background. This is a very ominous assignment, with overtones of extreme personal danger. I'm a Doctor of Journalism! This is important, goddammit! This is a fucking true story!
That'll blast you right through the wall. You'll be stone dead in ten seconds. Shit, they'll make me explain things!
I'm not really sure I can answer that, but what I can say is that if Margaret Mead, at her age, smoked grass... she'd have one hell of a trip!
Yeah, I know. I'm guilty. I understand that. I knew it was a crime, and I did it anyways. Shit, why argue? I'm a fucking criminal, look at me.
Don't take any guff from these fucking swine.
I'm a relatively respectable citizen. Multiple felon perhaps, but certainly not dangerous.
Shit, he's killing himself!
...hamburger stand, she's a waitress about 16 years old. They chopped her goddamn head off right there in the parking lot. Then they cut all kinds of holes in her and sucked out the blood. They were after the peneal gland I think. Yeah. Nah, how's ya mama?
I've never missed a plane yet.
Bazooko's Circus is what the whole hep world would be doing Saturday nights if the Nazis had won the war. This was the Sixth Reich.
Jesus, bad waves of paranoia, madness, fear and loathing - intolerable vibrations in this place. Get out. The weasels were closing in. I could smell the ugly brutes.
Hey, Cameron. You realize if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
Oh, he's very popular Ed. The sportos, the motorheads, geeks, sluts, bloods, wastoids, dweebies, dickheads - they all adore him. They think he's a righteous dude.
You're not getting this back. I consider it asshole tax.
We're a generation of men raised by women. I'm wondering if another woman is really the answer we need.
I've got a stomachful of Xanax. I took what was left of a bottle. It might have been too much.
It's just, when you buy furniture, you tell yourself, that's it. That's the last sofa I'm gonna need. Whatever else happens, I've got that sofa problem handled.
It's called a changeover. The movie goes on, and nobody in the audience has any idea.
Candy-stripe a cancer ward. It's not my problem.
I've been going to Debtor's Anonymous. You want to see some really fucked-up people...
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
Now, a question of etiquette - as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?
You're the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
Don't worry. It's all taken care of, sir.
Hello, Clear. I've been expecting you.
Yeah, like, what if we're all getting that "Diff'rent Strokes" curse or something?
There's gonna be a huge accident. Everybody's gonna die!
We're *all* going to die.
Dead, yet still fresh.
I'm having fish tonight.
...and the sea cucumber turns to the mollusk and says, "With fronds like these, who needs anemones?"
Kid, if there's anything you need, just ask your auntie Deb. That's me. Or if I'm not around, you can talk to my sister, Flo.  Hi, how are ya? Don't listen to anything my sister says, she's nuts!
Something's wrong with you, really.
Oh, the human mouth is a disgusting place.
Dolphins, yeah! They think they're so cute. "Oh, look at me, I'm a flippy little dolphin, let me flip for you. Ain't I something?"
I'm dead. I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I'm dead, I died, I'm dead.
Hey. You guys made me ink.
Hey, look. "Esc-a-pay". I wonder what that means? That's funny, it's spelled just like the word "escape."
Oh. Intro- Jellyman, offspring. Offspring, Jellyman.
Oh, it's awesome, Jellyman. The little dudes are just eggs, we leave 'em on a beach to hatch, and then, coo-coo-cachoo, they find their way back to the big ol' blue.
Uh, Dad, you can let go now.
That's the shortest red light I've ever seen!
Look, defenseless babies!
Coons? Well raccoons tried to get in our back porch, Momma just chase 'em off with a broom!
I'm sorry I had to fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
Sometimes, I guess there just aren't enough rocks.
Hello. My name's Forrest, Forrest Gump. You want a chocolate?
Listen, you promise me something, OK? Just if you're ever in trouble, don't be brave. You just run, OK? Just run away.
Yeah, sir, you might want to send a maintenance man over to that office across the way. The lights are off, and they must be looking for a fuse box, 'cause them flashlights, they keep me awake.
I'm sorry I ruined your New Year's Eve party, Lieutenant Dan. She tasted like cigarettes.
That's all I have to say about that.
Gump, how can you watch that stupid shit? Turn it off.
Problem? I haven't got a problem. I've got fucking problems. Plural.
Well, most recently, there's room 309, there's this scary Mexican gangster dude poking his finger in my chest. There's his hooligan kids snapping their fingers at me. There's a putrid, rotting corpse of a dead whore stuck in the springs of the bed. There's rooms blazing afire. There's a big fat needle from God knows where, stuck in my leg, infecting me with God knows what. And finally there's me, walking out the door, right fucking now. Buenas noches.
Unfortunately, you don't have the balls to back up the actions of your huge cock.
There's no needles here kid, just a big fucking gun!
I'm gonna tell ya what the fuck I'm talking about! I drive a motherfucking Honda that my sister sold me, ya hear what I'm saying? A little white motherfucking Honda Civic!
I'm coming up and if there isn't a dead body by the time I get there, I'll make one myself. You!
Don't bother to scream.
I'd keep my promises if I were you.
I'm still here, Chief.
Shoulda, woulda, coulda, pal.
Ya'know the past is a funny thing, we all got skeletons in closet and ya never when one is gonna pop up and bite ya in the a...
Well, hi. What are you doing out in this mess?
Hey, the van's on fire!
You're dead meat, slimeball!  Hey, it's cool, man! It's cool!
OK, ramblers. Let's get rambling.
Well, your best better get a hell of a lot fucking better, or you are gonna feel a hell of a lot fucking worse.
"Low profile." Do you know what the words "low profile" mean?
You're gonna be okay, baby. You're gonna be okay.
You're my best friend, and I don't even like you.
Oh, of course! IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU, ISN'T IT?
It's the simple things in life you treasure.
It's like throwing gasoline on a flame.
Sorry, I was - door was a little sticky. Did you see that? I'll get one of my boys up here with a can of WD-40.
Let's get out of here before one of those things kills Guy.
Where's the happy ending, Jason? "Never give up, never surrender"?
I'm not even supposed to be here. I'm just "Crewman Number Six." I'm expendable. I'm the guy in the episode who dies to prove how serious the situation is. I've gotta get outta here.
Wow, the floors are so clean.
What's the matter with you, Kable? Kill something!
You're the only man I know who makes his own clothes.
Mr. Gandhi will find that it takes a great deal more than a pinch of salt to bring down the British Empire.
"Unacceptable risk of heart failure." I think that's what the manual says. The only trip I'll take in space is around the sun on this satellite right here.
I'm sorry, the wind caught it...
Jack, don't you think you ought to get dressed first.
I've come for you, Margaret.
You're a big man, but you're out of shape. For me it's a full time job.
I've talked to God a lot about you over the years. He said He broke the mold when He made you. Says you're sure entertaining to watch, but way too much trouble.
Don't you puke on my shoes Harry.
I'm really glad you rejected me ten years ago when I auditioned for the part of Eddie Solomon, the pedophile clown in "Birthday Boy". If I'd have gotten that part, I might have been typecast.
Well, aren't you gonna offer me whatever it is you taste like?
Harry's dreaming of a forty million dollar production he'll never get off the ground, with a star he'll never sign with or without my help.
Chili's a gangster, ran a club I used to play at for another gangster back in Miami.
Where's Chili Palmer, where's Leo DeVoe... *where's* my fuckin' money?
I'm the guy who's telling you the way it is.
Hi, Karen, it's Doris. Listen doll, you might want to come by and visit Harry. He's in the Emergency Room.
Now, be looking. The man over to your right in the blue wool shirt?  The other way. Derecho! That's a federal officer, most likely DEA. He moves his leg, you look for the bulge. You savvy bulge?  Good, that's his backup piece.  Hey! Try and do it without looking at him, if you can.
Look, I didn't come down to sunny Florida to freeze my ass. You follow me? You get the coat back or you give me the three seventy-nine dollars my ex-wife paid for it at Alexander's.
I'm sorry, but, could I get another one? I... uh... signed the wrong name.
Shot, huh? That'll do it every time.
Oh, we totally have to.
Hey, look. There's the pants.
Well, I have to admit that things are really starting to look up for me since my life turned to shit.
God, I'm so sick of Seymour.
Well, as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive.
Wow, that is one ugly dude.
Sir? The Titanic has just arrived.
Viggy, Viggy, Viggy, you have been a bad monkey!
Let's see what happens when we take away the puppy.
Don't ever touch my sister again.
Ancestors, I ask you for your guidance. Blessed mother, come to me with the Gods' desire for my future. Blessed father, watch over my wife and son with a ready sword. Whisper to them that I live only to hold them again, for all else is dust and air. Ancestors, I honor you and will try to live with the dignity that you have taught me.
You've got a big mouth... now I'm gonna show you an even bigger one.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, FUCK! Williamson! Williamson! Open this fucking door!
Let's think about this logically. She's either alive, or she's dead.
I'm not a bathroom attendant!
He's still alive. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive!
Paulie, pull over, I gotta take a leak.
It's safer to teach you English!
Michael, why are the drapes open?
Fredo, you're nothing to me now. You're not a brother, you're not a friend. I don't want to know you or what you do. I don't want to see you at the hotels, I don't want you near my house. When you see our mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there. You understand?
I'd give four million just to be able to take a piss without it hurting
Oh, shut up. All we did was talk.
He's never met a princess - only queens.
What? There's no Rangers game on tonight!
That's a lot of fish.
I've always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion.
You're suspect! Yeah, you! I don't know what your reputation is in this town, but after the shit you tried to pull today you can bet I'll be looking into you. Now the business we have, heretofore, you can speak with my aforementioned attorney. Good day, gentlemen; and until that day comes, keep your ear to the grindstone.
I'm pumped! Let the healing begin!
You'll never have that kind of relationship in a world where you're afraid to take the first step because all you see is every negative thing 10 miles down the road.
Hey, let's get off our motha's, afterall, I just got off yours!
Thirty-two hundred dollars he gave me. Thirty-two hundred dollars for a lifetime. It wasn't even enough to pay for the coffin.
Hey, you got a phone? Two niggers just stole my truck. You believe that shit, huh? You fuckin' believe that?
Jesus, Joseph and Mary. These Hmong broads are like badgers.
We'll be goin' now that your sign is no longer impeding our forward progress.
Don't tease me, you know what I do for a living.
I'll go put these in some rubbing alcohol.
Debi, I'm in love with you! And I know we can make this relationship work.
You're a handsome devil. What's your name?
Don't mess with me, Porkchop.
You're not a god. You can take my word for it; this is twelve years of Catholic school talking.
"This is our world now. The world of the electron and the switch; the beauty of the baud. We exist without nationality, skin color, or religious bias. You wage wars, murder, cheat, lie to us and try to make us believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto." Huh? Right? Manifesto? "You may stop me, but you can't stop us all."
Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait.
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death, and uh, I can do all of them.
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
It's Halloween, everyone's entitled to one good scare.
Michael, take that thing off.
We're not talking about any ordinary prisoner, Hoffman! We are talking about evil on two legs.
Yeah, the one you're picking up, just thinkin' about him gives me the 'willies.' A decade ago-Halloween night-he murdered sixteen people, maybe more, trying to get to his sister. Nearly got her, too. But his doctor, of all people, shot him six times, then set him on fire. Both of them nearly burned to death. Yeah, I'll be glad to see this one gone. Yes, indeed-dee!
You're talking about him as if he were a human being. That part of him died years ago.
Listen, kid, I think you snapped your cap. Maybe you need a few weeks in Bermuda or something. Or go to a whorehouse!
Aah! Spermicidally lubricated.
I'm going to row back there and see if he will shoot you. Or me. It's fine either way.
Where's a goddamn cop when you need one?
We're not gonna be done until you're completely "happy."
Vice, Virtue. It's best not to be too moral. You cheat yourself out of too much *life.* Aim above morality. If you apply that to life, then you're bound to live life fully.
It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
Oh, Harold... That's *wonderful.* Go and love some more.
*Don't* get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious - That is the curse of a government job.
Harold, *everyone* has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
he's just not that into you
That's a lot of prepositions.
he's just not that into you
Ah, oh, uh! I like to suck big dicks. Or, uh... Mmmm! Mmmm! I can't get enough of 'em!
Intense... grow up. You think I'll drink it just because you call me chicken...? Just gimmie the cup, jerk.
Well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw. Do I look like Mother Theresa?
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
Hi, I'm sorry. Technically, I did not kill Heather Chandler, but hey who am I trying to kid, right? I just want my high school to be a nicer place. Amen. Did that sounded bitchy?
Let's pretend I blew up the school... all the schools. Now that you're dead, what are you gonna do with your life?
It's one thing to want someone out of your life, but it's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup full of liquid drainer.
It's so great to be able to talk to a girl and not have to ask "What's your major?". I hate that... . So, when you go to college, what subjects do you think you'll study?
It's a three act story with a tragic end.
Wow, 18 years of nothing, and now twice in one day ! What a place.
Hey. Hey. Hey. They're playing our song.
Hurts, doesn't it? You shouldn't hurt PEOPLE!
Salt, gathered from the tears of a thousand angels, restraining the essence of Sammael, the Hellhound. The Seed of Destruction. This I can promise, Sammael, for every one of you that falls, two shall arise.
I'm fireproof, you're not.
Didn't I kill you already?
Marco. Marco. Get your big red butt down here!
Don't worry about fingerprints. Never had any.
We'll tear your soul apart!
You're freaking me out. And I'm a coroner.
Look, Simon, I made love to your mother about half an hour ago, and now I'm beginning to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea.
I've been bad. Repeatedly.
You're a god damn saint, John. Pardon the vulgarity.
...I agreed that what really matters is what you like, not what you are like... Books, records, films - these things matter. Call me shallow but it's the fuckin' truth, and by this measure I was having one of the best dates of my life.
Rob, top five musical crimes perpetuated by Stevie Wonder in the '80s and '90s. Go. Sub-question: is it in fact unfair to criticize a formerly great artist for his latter day sins, is it better to burn out or fade away?
Faith, I told you I look like a fucking orange.
Walter, you're wonderful, in a loathsome sort of way.
Madam, you are a cock-eyed liar!
Oh, you're losing your arm! You used to be able to pitch better than that.
Oh, God, I'm so ashamed!
Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey!
Boy, I bet you'd stick your head in fire if I told ya you could see Hell. Meanwhile, you're too stupid to realize you got a demon stickin' out your ass singing, "Holy Miss Moley,  Got me a live one."
Goddamn, motherfucker got blood all over my best clown suit.
Jesus, she's dead. She was cute too. God, I'd love to get laid before I die.  How you doin' tonight?  Yeah, I'm alright.
There's been a murder almost everyplace in this house!
You've thrown your lot in with them. You're not a viking. You're not my son.
Oh, the gods hate me. Some people lose their knife or their mug, no not me! I manage to lose an entire dragon.
Oh, I'm hurt! I am very much hurt!
Oh, wow... I-I did it! Oh, I did it! This-this fixes everything! *Yes*!  I have brought down this mighty beast...!
Don't worry. You're small and you're weak. That'll make you less of a target! They'll see you as sick or insane and go after the more viking-like teens instead.
I'm really beginning to question your teaching methods.
Well, it's satisfying to know that all our food has been dumped down a hole.
Listen, Hawk, this might be hard to believe, but I'm just a regular Joe. I just want to be happy. And happiness comes from the achievement of goals. It's just that when you've made your first billion by the age of nineteen, it's hard to keep coming up with new ones. But now, finally, I've got myself a new goal... World domination!
I'll torture you so slowly, you'll think it's a career.
I'm an ape, mother. Apes don't drop lines.
Yeah. It's an outgoing message so I think you need to sound a little more outgoing.
Sam, I can go at least another nine rounds, but you got to let me in.
It's just... I've never lost at anything.
Sam, you gotta be firm on this.
Hush, child. No more screaming, no more running, it's time to die!
Great, cancer in a box.
Don't worry about a sugar planter. Give him a horse and he'll ride to his own funeral.
i, robot
OK. Your phone is off, but there's been a catastrofuck here. Someone's leaked Liza Weld's PWIP PIP paper to the BBC. I reckon it's going to be on the six o'clock news, one o'clock your time. That is going to fucking fist your UN vote to death. Right. Missing you loads. PWIP PIP toodle-oo.
Simon, I don't like finding out about people employed by this government via the news unless they've just died. Be here, now,
No, no, no, you needn't worry about the Canadians, they're just happy to be there.  Yes, well, they always look surprised when they're invited.
"Climbing the mountain of conflict"? You sounded like a Nazi Julie Andrews!
Well, I don't want to be accused of micro-managing, but I cannot understand why "I Heart Huckabees" is on a list of DVDs considered suitable for armed-forces entertainment. That self-indulgent crap is not suitable for combat troops.
He's got his little cannons and he's got his little guns, and... This is the problem with civilians wanting to go to war. Once you've been there, once you've seen it, you never want to go again unless you absolutely fucking have to. It's like France.
*That's* what you get! Ha Ha! Look at you! Ya ship's all banged up!  Who's the man? Huh? Who's the man? Wait till I get another plane! I'm a line ya friends up right beside you! Where ya at, huh? Where ya at?   Welcome to earth.
Everyone's trying to get out of Washington, and we're the only schmucks trying to get in.
It's Air Force One for crying out loud and still he gets sick!
"X" never, ever marks the spot.
I'm like a bad penny, I always turn up.
Nazis. I hate these guys.
Sallah, I said *no* camels. That's *five* camels. Can't you count?
Listen. Since I've met you I've nearly been incinerated, drowned, shot at, and chopped into fish bait. We're caught in the middle of something sinister here, my guess is dad found out more than he was looking for and until I'm sure, I'm going to continue to do things the way I think they should be done.
Petroleum... I should stick a well down here and retire.
Dr. Jones, in our country, it's not usual for a guest to insult his host.
I'm gonna give you a little somethin' you can't take off.
It's only the offspring of slaves that allows America to be competitive athletically. American Olympic gold can be measured in Negro sweat.
It's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover.
It's so easy you almost feel sorry for them. You'll get used to killing. Just forget about that mortal coil. You'll become accustomed to it, all too quickly.
It's time we were on our way. I'm hungry, and the city awaits.
I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth.
I'm supertramp.  and you're super apple!
I'm gonna nail your ass!
Hmm... Hmm... Yes, your husband did show remarkable foresight in taking those pictures. And, yes, absent a swimming pool, the presence of a pool man would appear to be suspicious. But, Madam, who is the real victim here? Let me suggest to you the following. Your husband, who on a prior occasion had slapped you, beat you.
Well, I think it stinks. They left you with nothing. Makes you wonder about the entire legal system. Like Rodney... Whatshisname.
Hey, Jacey... Remember that time I got my dick caught in my zipper?
Look, I'm not rich. My father is. And I don't pick my father. And if I had a choice between having tons of money or having another father, I'd be absolutely deligthed to be poor. But unfortunately, life is just not a cafeteria.
That's the way things go: you think you got a great yarn, and something comes along and messes up the finish - and there you are.
it's a wonderful life
Ohh, there must be some easier way for me to get my wings.
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
Where's that money, you silly stupid old fool? Where's that money? Do you realize what this means? It means bankruptcy and scandal and prison! That's what it means! One of us is going to jail... well, it's not gonna be me!
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
What's the matter, Othello - jealous? Did you know there's a swimming pool under this floor? And did you know that *button* behind you causes this floor to open up? And did you further know that George Bailey is dancing right over that crack?  I've got the key!
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
You've been given a great gift, George: A chance to see what the world would be like without you.
it's a wonderful life
Well, you look about the kind of angel I'd get. Sort of a fallen angel, aren't you? What happened to your wings?
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
Isn't it wonderful? I'm going to jail!
it's complicated
Ordell, this isn't a bar. You don't have a tab.
I'm 56 years old. I can't blame anybody else for something I did.
Well, I've flown seven million miles. And I've been waiting on people almost 20 years. The best job I could get after my bust was Cabo Air, which is the worst job you can get in this industry. I make about sixteen thousand, with retirement benefits that ain't worth a damn. And now with this arrest hanging over my head, I'm scared. If I lose my job I gotta start all over again, but I got nothing to start over with. I'll be stuck with whatever I can get. And that shit is scarier than Ordell.
Shit, Jackie. You come in this place on Saturday night I bet you need nigger repellant to keep motherfuckers off your ass.
Jesus, but if you two are not the biggest pair of fuck-ups I've ever met in my entire life. How did you ever rob a bank? When you robbed banks, did you forget where your car was then too? No wonder you went to jail.
jacob's ladder
Mr. Singer. What an appropriate name for a man who can't shut up.
jacob's ladder
See. According to this, you're already dead.
jacob's ladder
I'll have a Voorhees burger and a side of Jason fingers.
That, what we call it in the books, is screwing the pooch! Iron this punk!
I've seen enough horror movies to know any weirdo wearing a mask is never friendly.
Don't piss me off, junior, or I WILL repaint this office with your brains.
It's gonna take more than a poke in the ribs to put down this old dog.  Yeah, that oughta do it.
Here's to swimmin' with bow-legged women.
I'm not talkin' 'bout pleasure boatin' or day sailin'. I'm talkin' 'bout workin' for a livin'. I'm talkin' 'bout sharkin'!
I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers. But, as you see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open and people are having a wonderful time. Amity, as you know, means "friendship".
jaws: the revenge
jaws: the revenge
jaws: the revenge
I've always wanted to make love to an angry welder. I've dreamed of nothing else since I was a small boy.
Don't you never say an unkind word about the Time! Me and Silent Bob modeled our whole fucking lives around Morris Day and Jerome. I'm a smooth pimp who loves the pussy. And Tubby here is my black man servant. What?
What's your damage, little boy? You've got a sick and twisted world perspective.
Ladies, Ladies, Ladies, Jay and Silent Bob are in the hizzouse!
Hi, Ray and Rirent Rob.
Wow. That was just an incredibly daring escape.
See? I told you that restraining order was a good idea.
Affleck, you the *bomb* in Phantoms yo!
Hey, watch the language, little boy. There's females present.
See? If you were funnier than that, ABC wouldn't have cancelled us.
I'm gonna finger-bang her tight little asshole / Finger-bang and tea-bag my balls / Where, where, in her mouth / Balls a-plenty in her mouth / Balls Balls Sweaty Balls
Kaboom, you little stoner fucks!
Dude, I think I just filled the cup.
Plaschke, this is Willenholly. I need you to get me on the national news, pronto. Why? Because we may very well be dealing with the two most dangerous men on the planet.
Y'know, I don't get you, Justice. You used to be into all this girl stuff. Stealing, boning, blowing shit up, and now you're like this little priss with a conscience. It's really a fucking drag.
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
You're totally lesbi-gay.
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
Needy, I care about you. As a person, not just some girl I made love to for four minutes the other night, and I'm scared of what's happening to you.
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
Yes. Yes, I'm a virgin. I'm a virgin. I've never even done sex. I don't even know how. So, you guys should find somebody. Who does. Know how.
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
Boo! Cross out Needy!
That's more than a dress. That's an Audrey Hepburn movie.
Well, I'm sorry but please remove your dick from my ass!
I'm sorry, I'm just a little pregnant here.
It's not "show friends." It's show *business*.
That's how you become great, man. Hang your balls out there!
I'm not trying to make history here.
Don't worry, I'm not gonna do what you all think I'm gonna do, which is, you know, FLIP OUT!
Don't ever stop fucking me!
"One may smile and smile and be a villain."
Yum, this pretzel tastes like a freaking DONUT!
Bleeker's mom was possibly attractive once, but now she looks like a Hobbit. You know, the fat one, that was in the Goonies.
You're quite the sellout, Mark. I mean... what would the Melvins say?
Hi, I'm calling to procure a hasty abortion...
Wow! That shirt's workin' hard.
Oh, and she inexplicably mails me a cactus every Valentine's Day. And I'm like, "Thanks a heap coyote ugly. This cactus-gram stings even worse than your abandonment."
Mr. Hammond, the phones are working.
Dr. Grant, know something Dr. Grant? Billy was right.
Fine, go ahead and scream and when that "Tricikloplots" attacks you, don't come crying to me.
Now, are there any questions?  Questions not related to Jurassic Park.  Or the incident in San Diego, which I did not witness.
Reebs. That's what we used to call them when we was kids. It's beer spelled backwards.
Virgins. I love 'em. No diseases, no loose as a goose pussy, no skank. No nothin. Just pure pleasure.
Ox! Where is thy yoke?
Taxi! Follow that ape!
No! Let him go, it's me he wants!
Don't be alarmed, ladies and gentlemen. Those chains are made of chrome steel.
Don't worry, Preston. I've had a lot of practice at this. I'm real good at crapping the crappers.
That's a funny one. Isn't that funnier?
There's only one creature capable of leaving a footprint that size. The Abominable Snowman.
Stop! We've got to go back! They've taken Ann!
Pain. Pain is just a state of mind. It's something you learn to live with; I have.
You're acting like a superstitious schoolboy, Peter. What's next, incense and Rosary beads?
I've got a drunk for a wife and a lunatic for a son. I don't need this shit anymore. You're crazy, both of you.
Wow! I've only seen paintings of that painting!
I'm not hungry... Master.
This'll be easier than I thought.
Careful, that soup is... sharp!
He's too fast... Sorry, Po!
Hey, what you got? You got nothing because I got it right here. You picking on my friends? Get ready to feel the thunder. Come out with the crazy feet. What you goin' to do about the crazy feet. I'm a blur! I'm a blur! You never seen *Bear* style!
l'avventura
I'm a civilian, not a trout - you have no authority over me whatsoever.
We, uh, trapped him with our chopper.
You're dead. You really are *dead*!
I'm gonna pull the whole thing down. I'm gonna bring the whole fuckin' diseased, corrupt temple down on your head. It's gonna be biblical.
It's not what you know. It's what you can prove in court.
Ah, I was 17! I was so in love with her, I tried to die for her. Two years later I can't even remember her name. Time, erases everything.
...So, between Mamma, Roberto and Alfredo, we yell and scream at each other all day long. Except for Angelica, she just cries. And then finally, we all end up kissing. Can you explain that to me? Because *that's* what love is all about. It's a pain in the ass, but it keeps us together.
You're sick... that's all I have in cash. Now please, don't drink it in here.
That's nice talk, Ben - keep drinking. Between the 101-proof breath and the occasional bits of drool, some interesting words come out.
I'll tell you, right now... I'm in love with you. But, be that as it may, i am not here to force my twisted soul into your life.
There's nothing I love better than a dumb blonde with Daddy's plastic.
Oh, my God, the bend and snap works every time!
Uh. I'm sorry. I just hallucinated.
Isn't it the first cardinal rule of perm maintenance that you are forbidded to wet your hair for at least 24 hours after getting a perm at the risk of deactivating the ammonium thioglycolate?
Don't be afraid. I just want to play with the baby.
Yo' hand is nice and supple, like a lady!
Hindsight. It's like foresight without a future.
I'm not even listening.
It's not my back that's killing me.
Sam! We're almost done.
Remember, you have to shove a pineapple up Hitler's ass at 4 p.m...
I'm from the South. The Deep South.
Look, it's okay for me to shit in the street, but *you* gotta use a toilet.
Great! I freak in your dream, I freak out in my dream, no wonder I'm so fucking exhausted.
Bob, what the fuck is with that smoke, man? Whaddya got in there, a couple of hamsters blowing smoke rings, ferchrissakes?
lock, stock and two smoking barrels
lock, stock and two smoking barrels
lock, stock and two smoking barrels
You're not funny, Tom. You're fat, and look as though you should be, but you're not.
lock, stock and two smoking barrels
OY! Keep your fingers out of my soup!
logan's run
logan's run
logan's run
You're beautiful. Let's have sex.
logan's run
Logan... you renewed!
logan's run
Fish, plankton, sea greens... protein from the sea!
Ben, if you mixed drinks that way you mixed metaphors, you'd be out of a job...
Son, you got a talent for stating the obvious.
Hey, look at all this will ya? Tackle, boat... All just to catch a little ol' fish minding his own business down at the bottom of the lake. Hardly seems worth the effort, does it, Sam?
Here... This big fella was sleeping in a crate at Cisco's junkyard. Right when I was gonna open to see what was in her. Jumped right at my face. Scared me so bad I had to kill him without thinking. Gotta be careful where you go pokin'. Who knows what you'll find.
It's talking, Merry. The tree is talking.
No, my lord - let him go. Enough blood has been spilt on his account.
Don't follow the lights.
But, the fat hobbit. He knows. Eyes always watching.
You'll find more cheer in a graveyard.
Stop! This creature is bound to me and I to him. He is our guide.
Mordor... the one place in Middle-Earth we don't want to see any closer... the one place we're trying to get to... is just where we can't get. Let's face it, Mr. Frodo. We're lost!
You're late.  You look terrible.
Don't talk to it, Merry. Don't encourage it.
Rohan, my lord, is ready to fall.
I'm wasted on cross-country! We Dwarves are natural sprinters, very dangerous over short distances.
Hasufel! Arod! May these horses bear you to better fortune than their former masters.
Sir! Sir, may I interest you in the shoulder fired S-37 surface-to-air missle? It's the old Chinese model. Not so effective against modern military aircraft but deadly if used against a commerical airliner.
We've met before, haven't we?
George, didn't you ever want to know what's on the other side of the mountain?
Gentlemen, I give you a toast. Here's my hope that Robert Conway will find his Shangri-La. Here's my hope that we all find our Shangri-La.
Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation go course...
Conway, I don't like this place! It's too mysterious!
Let's try this again, shall we? You are the puppet, I am the puppeteer. Do try to get it right this time...
Ouch. Could he be cuter? I don't *think* so.
Let's see, do I spend my last night on Earth watching Mom and Dad pretend not to be fighting, or blow ten years worth of allowance at the mall? You do the math.
Eww. They eat their wounded.
OK, last one to kill a bad guy buys the beer.
We're lost, aren't we?
You're probably just having a mid-life crisis. Did you buy a Porsche yet?
Let's never come here again because it would never be as much fun.
I've been in love with you since I was eleven, and the shit won't go away.
All's fair in love and basketball.
Damn, girl, I didn't know Nike made dresses.
It's a trip, you know? When you're a kid, you-you see the life you want, and it never crosses your mind that it's not gonna turn out that way.
You're running around like a Puerto Rican on the fifteenth of the month!
Well, that's one way to deal with people...
...whatever you wanna tell me, whatever you think might scare me, won't... and I will listen... I will be a good listener to you if that's what you want... and you know, you know... I won't judge you... I can do that sometimes, I know, but I won't... I can... listen to you and you shouldn't be scared of scaring me off or anything that you might think I'll think or on and on and just say it and I'll listen to you...
I'll tell you everything, and you tell me everything, and maybe we can get through all the piss and shit and lies that kill other people.
It's dangerous to confuse children with angels.
Donnie, you got struck by lightning last summer you were on vacation in Tahoe, I don't think braces is a good idea.
Dad? You need to be nicer to me.
I'll tell you the greatest regret of my life: I let my love go.
Let's make some fuckin' money, folks.
I'm pissed off now, Jobu. Look, I go to you. I stick up for you. You don't help me now. I say "Fuck you," Jobu, I do it myself.
Cerrano's looking for some extra power for tonight. He's looking to sacrifice a live chicken. Man, we can't have people puking in the locker room before the game!
So, an eerie start for the Erie warriors as they drop a heartbreaker to the Yankees, nine to nothing. The pst game show is brought to you by...  Christ I can't find it, the hell with it.
Let's cut through the crap, Vaughn. I only got one thing to say to you: "Strike this mother fucker out."
That's too much power for one man to have.
I'm half wop, I'm half nigger. I'm not afraid of nobody.
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
Anne, to love you is treason against France. But not to love you is treason against my heart.
D'Artagnan, you will hunt down Porthos, Athos, and Aramis, and bring me their heads, or I will have yours. And as for you, my brother, back to the prison you will go, and into the mask you hate. Wear it 'til you love it! And die in it.
I'd rather die covered in blood than an old man lying in my own piss.
D'Artagnan, I am not angry with you. I knew you would lead me to them, and so you have. Lay down your sword and I will not punish you. I will let you retire in peace, and I will give your friends a swift execution, if you surrender NOW!
I've worn that mask so long I don't feel safe without it.
I'm a genius, not an engineer.
Athos... after all you have done, I must ask you one more service. Let me love you like a son to a father. And I pray you live for this: to love me like your son.
I'm gonna take your family apart piece by piece, you understand me? Piece by piece.
I'm goin' home, too. I'm goin' to Blue Bayou.
He'll deliver more justice in a weekend than ten years of your courts and tribunals.
You're insane, but you might also be brilliant.
Kaufman, did you come here to wrestle or act like an ass?
Andy, you have to look inside and ask this question: who are you trying to entertain - the audience or yourself?
I've got something on my gay-dar!
It's just you and me now, sport. And I'm going to find you, God damn it.
You're so sly... but so am I.
Tonight, my dear Maxwell, I'm ready to try my experiment on a human!
Ma, sooner or later, there comes a point in a man's life when he's gotta face some facts. And one fact I gotta face is that, whatever it is that women like, I ain't got it.
Oh, Frank, my lips are hot. Kiss my hot lips.
Now, fair's fair Henry. If I nail Hotlips and hit Hawkeye can I go home too?
It's okay. The angels burn within them now.
Don't blow smoke up my ass, it will ruin my autopsy.
You're not Death. You're just a kid in a suit.
O.K. folks, but remember your manners. No stampeding. Walk slow, like you do when you come to pay your taxes.
$5,000. Holy mackerel! I can see the helots coming now. A whole army of them.
Listen, if that guy lays an egg I want to get *something* out of it! I'm getting a Jane Doe ready.
I've seen guys like you before. Guys that never had to worry. Then they get a hold of some dough and go goofy.
Hmmm. I don't feel drunk.
That's a test? Where were you guys when I did my CPA?
You're not a killer.  That's why you're so good at it.
HEY, OLD GUYS! Do those still work?
Gentlemen, congratulations. You're everything we've come to expect from years of government training. Now please step this way, as we provide you with our final test: an eye exam...
Months, days, hours. Always face it forward.
We'll take it from here.
Uh, well, sir, I ain't a f'real cowboy. But I am one helluva stud!
Oh, Joe it's... it's so difficult, I - You're a nice person, Joe, I- I- I should never have asked you up here, you're... You're a lovely person, really. Oh, God, I loathe life, I loathe it! Please go, please.
Zordon! We need Dinozord Power, NOW!
Yum, yum! Power Rangers - delicious!
Hi, Honey... I'm home!
Hey, pretty fancy Spansy, I guess if You invest Your Money well in 60 Centuries... You can manage to buy yourself something Nice.
You're going to meet the most extraordinary men, the sexiest, brightest, funniest men, and you're going to fall in love with so many of them, and you won't know until the end of your life who your greatest friends were or your greatest love was.
Gentlemen, Anne Kronenberg - a woman. A woman who likes women, isn't that ususual?
mini's first time
No, he's not here. I don't know where he is, he never tells me anything any more. Probably out having an affair somewhere.  Oh here he is.  It's Jim Taylor, he wants to know who you're having an affair with.
Hey, I'm the flavor of the month.
You're not gonna shoot me Sean, not this BITCH, cuz she's worth thirty seven, million pounds.
We've got 19 hours and 57 minutes. I'll get Bellerophon into your system by then. Just stay alive. I'm not going to lose you.
They're us. We're them.
Well, now, uh, Launcelot, Galahad, and I, wait until nightfall, and then leap out of the rabbit, taking the French by surprise - not only by surprise, but totally unarmed!
Dennis! There's some lovely filth down here!
Oh, but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you.
Sam, get some sleep. You're very tired.
Gerty, is there someone else in the room?
You've been up here too long man. You've lost your marbles.
Sam, I can only account for what occurs on this base.
Aw, Johnny, 40 years old and she's still runnin' your life!
Someone, tell a joke...
Loretta, I love you. Not like they told you love is, and I didn't know this either, but love don't make things nice - it ruins everything. It breaks your heart. It makes things a mess. We aren't here to make things perfect. The snowflakes are perfect. The stars are perfect. Not us. Not us! We are here to ruin ourselves and to break our hearts and love the wrong people and *die*. The storybooks are *bullshit*. Now I want you to come upstairs with me and *get* in my bed!
You've been taken to the cleaners, and you don't even know your pants are off.
Don't worry. If I were here to kill you, you would already be dead. After you left today, I realized that our friendship was a little one-sided. So tomorrow night when we meet, if you'd be so kind as to bring all the pictures and the memory card from your camera. That way we could like each other simply for who we are. If you don't show up, I will presume that you've gone to the police, and I will kill you. Even if I go to jail because of you, Mr. Smith, someone will find you, wherever you are, and they will kill you.
Don't kid yourself, Earl. You're going to kill again.
Jesse, you know what would make me feel really safe right now? If you got hit by a truck and died!
"At two o'clock this morning, Mr. Deeds held up traffic while he fed a bagful of doughnuts to a horse. When asked why he was doing it, he replied, 'I just wanted to see how many doughnuts this horse would eat before he asked for a cup of coffee.'"
Yesterday, Gladstone talked for three hours on the Irish Church Bill... I am as guilty as the rest of underestimating his reforming zeal. Tory days may be numbered, but I fancy there yet remains one last hope of deliverance. Wheresoever the blame lies, we must now close ranks and defend Mrs Brown's England. As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur...  no Prime Minister made greater sacrifice than attempting to run the country six hundred miles north of civilization.
Oh, she doesn't know about it yet. Right now, out of the two of us, I'm the only one in love. But I'm really stoked!
He's got you on a pedestal and me in his arms.
'Ode to Ice Cream' by Vada Sultenfuss. I like ice cream a whole lot/It tastes good on days that are hot/On a cone or in a dish/This will be my only wish/Vanilla, chocolate, rocky road/Even with pie, a la mode.
Mrs. Sennett, don't worry Tomas J will be all right. My mother will take care of him.
Vada, if bullshit wore a bra, you'd be top heavy.
Life's full of barbaric customs. But I hope they all end with a kiss like that.
UCLA. My Cardigan-Sweater period.
I'm gonna make you eat dirt you soap bubble , I'm gonna make you beg for somebody to help you let go. You may mean the world to your mother but you're a...  .
OK, brother, then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
You'll never understand, Wayne. You and me, we're not even the same species. I used to be you, then I evolved. From where you're standing, you're a man. From where I'm standing, you're an ape. You're not even an ape. You're a media person. Media's like the weather, only it's man-made weather. Murder? It's pure. You're the one made it impure. You're buying and selling fear. You say "why?" I say "why bother?"
I'm not Josie Grossie anymore!
Dylan... until mommy gets back... whatever you do don't fall asleep.
It's this brain of mine, it's always makin' mistakes... it's got a mind of its own.
This'll bust me, I'm barely makin' a livin' right now!
Hey, young man! You got knocked the fuck out!
Negro, what the hell you doing to my woman?
I've investigated World Bank organizations, drug cartels, arms dealers, I've never faced this kind of thing! For Ninjas its fucking unbelievable!
Ninotchka, it's midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half.
Don't make an issue of my womanhood.
I'm so happy, I'm so happy! Nobody can be so happy without being punished.
Oh, that Burganoff. You never know if he's on his way to the washroom or the secret police.
There's already been one radical in the White House. I don't believe it could survive another.
It's the President's personal property. I will never give up my tapes to a bunch of Kennedy-loving Harvard Democrat cocksuckers.
Sir, don't you think all these deletion marks in the transcripts make it look as though you do nothing but swear?
John, sooner or later, sooner, I think, you're gonna learn a lesson that's been learned by everyone who's ever gotten close to Richard Nixon. That he's the darkness reaching out for the darkness. And eventually, it's either you or him. Your grave's already been dug, John.
I'm not a quitter, never have been. But I'm not stupid either. A trial would kill me, that's what they want. They won't get it.
Yeah, I'm going to bring you something, alright. I decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't going have to come looking for me at all.
... Where's the last guy? Ultimo hombre. Last man standing, must've been one.
Aw, hells bells. They even shot the dog!
I'm sorry I am so late. Bollocksed up at work again, I fear. Millions down the drain.
Well, isn't this a good opportunity to... slip her one?
"For June who loved this garden from Joseph who always sat beside her." Some people do spend their whole lives together.
Yes, of course. We'll talk later.
I'm asking for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
Hey! I'm the law, I ain't gotta do nothing.
Damn! We're in a tight spot!
Say, any of you boys smithies? Or, if not smithies per se, were you otherwise trained in the metallurgic arts before straitened circumstances forced you into a life of aimless wanderin'?
Talk, you un-Reconstructed whelp of a whore!
I'm gonna visit those foreclosing son-of-a-guns at the Indianola Savings & Loan, slap that money on the barrelhead and buy back the family farm. You ain't no kind of man if you ain't got land.
I'll press your flesh, you dimwitted sumbitch! You don't tell your pappy how to court the electorate. We ain't one-at-a-timin' here. We're MASS communicating!
Friend? Some of your foldin' money's come unstove.
Mrs. Hogwallop up and R-U-N-N-O-F-T.
where's the happy little tire swing?
I'll tell you what I am - I'm the damn paterfamilias! You can't marry him!
Brothers! Oh, brothers! We have all gathered here, to preserve our hallowed culture and heritage! We aim to pull evil up by the root, before it chokes out the flower of our culture and heritage! And our women, let's not forget those ladies, y'all. Looking to us for protection! From darkies, from Jews, from papists, and from all those smart-ass folks say we come descended from monkeys!
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
Well, then inform Mr. Levin that he'll be better off watching the fight in front of his television at home... Surely *he* must have HBO.
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
What? Did you guys get a group rate or something?
ocean's eleven
You're thirty seconds late, I was going to send out a search-
ocean's twelve
Mr. Lumbergh told me to talk to payroll and then payroll told me to talk to Mr. Lumbergh and I still haven't received my paycheck and he took my stapler and he never brought it back and then they moved my desk to storage room B and there was garbage on it...
I'm gonna... set the building on fire.
Well-well look. I already told you: I deal with the god damn customers so the engineers don't have to. I have people skills; I am good at dealing with people. Can't you understand that? What the hell is wrong with you people?
That's what I'm talkin' about when I talk about America!
I'd like to move us right along to a Peter Gibbons. Now we had a chance to meet this young man, and boy that's just a straight shooter with upper management written all over him.
There's two more people we can easily lose, and then there's Tom Smykowski... He's useless.  Gone.
Hey, you wanna hear my philosophy of life? Do it to him before he does it to you.
Boys, this is my church! And if you don't think Christ is down here on the waterfront you've got another guess coming!
You'd better get rid of that gun, unless you haven't got the guts, and if you don't, you'd better hang on to it!
He-he-he can't hear you. He's a d-d-deaf and d-d-dumb Indian.
Don't admire people too much, they might disappoint you.
Conrad. Let's have a great Christmas. Let's have... a great year. Let's have the best year of our whole lives. We can, you know... this could be the best one ever.
Torture, torture! It pleasures me!
I'll shoot Mommy if you tell.
Andy. Really... who gives a shit?
Well, the man don't just have to die, Foley. I mean, he could accidentally hurt himself falling down on something real hard, you know? Like a shiv, or my dick?
You'd be surprised about what you can get, if you ask for it the right way.
Alright, now I can say that I fucked a U.S. marshal. Do you think I will?
Man, I am one good-lookin' son-of-a-bitch... Don't you ever die.
That's bull-shit MacCawley... but it's very, very good bull-shit.
It's not easy making friends here. Two days ago I had a beer with a couple of the RAF pilots. Yesterday both of them got killed.
Boys, there's a phrase I want you to memorize, "Wo si yi ge mae guo ren.", it means "I am an American." in Chinese.
Well, he won't be doing the crossword tonight.
Gage, you the one playing games?
You've done it you stupid old man. Now you've got to undo it.
Drew, I know your dog died, but get a grip, man, you're freaking me out!
Life's full of lessons Drew Buddy, no ones above them. Not you, Not me. Now get in!
Takin' you up the hill, Clyde-buddy. That's the way the Indians did it.
Now, explain it to me like I'm a four-year-old.
I'm on my knees beggin' you not to kill me.
Something's going on. It has to do with that number. There's an answer in that number.
10:15, personal note: It's fair to say I'm stepping out on a limb, but I am on the edge and that's where it happens.
It's almost a shame to smoke it. It's like killing a unicorn... with, like, a bomb.
Darling, I am truly unhappy to have to tell you this, but through an unfortunate and entirely unforeseeable series of circumstances that had nothing whatsoever to do with me, poor Will has been press-ganged into Davy Jones's crew.
Ah! A heading. Set sail in a... uh... a general... that way! direction.
Heave! Heave like you're being paid for it!
Jack...? Jack Sparrow? I can honestly say I'm glad to see you.
She's only a ship, mate.
Anido. Anido! Follow my voice, follow my voice! To the left. No! Other left. Go ... No, that's a tree.
You'll have the chance to do something... something courageous. And when you do, you'll discover something. That you're a good man.
Oh, Mother Carey's chickens! What happened?
It's the Bible, you get credit for trying!
People, just a suggestion. Perhaps you should *flee*!
Don't touch it! Don't- Don't you touch that handle!
So... I guess something went wrong.
You're dancing on razor blades here.
Say, I interviewed a swell guy the other day: Einstein. Yeh, swell guy. Little eccentric, but a swell - doesn't wear, doesn't wear any garters. Neither do I, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, I know those bluenoses. Their ancestors refused to come over on the Mayflower because they didn't want to rub elbows with the tourists... so they swam over!
I've met some roughies in my time, but you are without a doubt the lowest excuse for a man I've ever had the misfortune to meet
I'm glad I ain't going with them. Somewhere out there is the beast and he's hungry tonight.
Y'all loved Elias. And you want to kick ass. Yeah. Well, here I am, all by my lonesome. And there ain't anybody gonna know. Six of you boys against me. Kill me.  Yeah. I shit on all of you!
Death? What you all know about death?
HELLO! I've got like three pounds of underwire on here!
Well, I better get going. Your show's almost on.
I'm getting a little concerned about what I'm seeing on some of these reruns.
Well, he's not homeless, Howard, they just don't say where he lives. - Well, it's a silly question! - Because nobody's homeless in Pleasantville. 'Cause that's just not what it's like.
It's just... where am I going to see colors like that?
...last time you had a feeling I had to kill a guy, and I hate that... It looks bad on my report.
I'm so hungry I could eat the ass end out of a dead rhino, I should have had you get me three of these things!
There's always something wrong with these tests. These tests paint a picture of me with no brain. These tests paint a picture of me and my mother, my whole family as less than dumb. Just ugly black grease, need to be wiped away, find a job for.
Run! Get to the chopper!
You're ghostin' us, motherfucker. I don't care who you are back in the world, you give away our position one more time, I'll bleed ya, real quiet. Leave ya here. Got that?
That's a real nasty habit you got there.
So, what are you gonna try next? Cheese?
Oops... slippery little suckers.
Mother! Oh God, mother! Blood! Blood!
Well, a son is a poor substitute for a lover.
We're always quickest to doubt people who have a reputation for being honest.
I'll lick the stamps.
Oh, we have 12 vacancies. 12 cabins, 12 vacancies.
Well, if it doesn't jell, it isn't aspic, and this ain't jellin'!
We're having too good a time today. We ain't thinking about tomorrow.
That's a pretty fucking good milkshake. I don't know if it's worth five dollars but it's pretty fucking good.
That's how you're gonna beat 'em, Butch. They keep underestimating you.
Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows. Some pilots get picked and become television programs. Some don't, become nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go home and have a heart attack.
Uuummmm, this is a tasty burger!
Hey, my name's Paul and this shit's between y'all.
Hamburgers. The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
I'm not even fucking joking with you, man. Do not be bringing some fucked up Poopa to my house!
Jules, if you give that fuckin' nimrod fifteen hundred dollars, I'm gonna shoot him on general principles.
I'm prepared to scour the the Earth for that motherfucker. If Butch goes to Indochina, I want a nigger waiting in a bowl of rice ready to pop a cap in his ass.
That's the Marilyn Monroe section that's Mamie Van Doren... I don't see Jayne Mansfield, she must have the night off or something.
Shit! Of all the fucking things she could forget, she forgets my father's watch!  I specifically reminded her - bedside table! On the Kangaroo! I said the words, "Don't forget my father's watch."
punch-drunk love
punch-drunk love
punch-drunk love
Lena. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry I left you at the hospital. I called a phone-sex line... I called a phone-sex line before I met you, and four blond brothers came after me and they hurt you, and I'm sorry. Then I had to leave again because I wanted to make sure you never got hurt again. And I have a lot of puddings, and in six to eight weeks it can be redeemed. So if you could just give me that much time, I think I can get enough mileage to go with you wherever you go if you have to travel for your work. Because I don't ever want to be anywhere without you. So could you just let me redeem the mileage?
punch-drunk love
punch-drunk love
punch-drunk love
I'm gonna crack your fucking skull.
It's an entire religion based on an oxymoron.
Ah, you've come to read my trousers.
He's a writer, not a madman.
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when lubricated.
Don't come any closer Abbe, God's watching.
You've already stolen my heart... as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator.
It's a powerful aphrodisiac, isn't it? Having power over another man.
Son, you got a panty on your head.
Dammit, are you boys gonna chase down your leads or are you gonna sit drinkin' coffee in the one house in the state where I know my boy ain't at?
I"m in here on my knees, Ed, a free man proposing. Howdy, Kurt.
Name's Smalls. Leonard Smalls. My friends call me Lenny... only I ain't got no friends.
Well, H.I., looks like you've been up to the devil's business.
H.I., you're young and you got your health, what you want with a job?
Say, did you hear about the person of the Polish persuasion who walked into a bar with a big 'ol pile of shit in his hands and he says, "Look what I almost stepped in"?
rambo: first blood part ii
rambo: first blood part ii
rambo: first blood part ii
Sir, do we get to win this time?
I'm sorry. It's just that I didn't want you guys to think I was stuffy. You know, no fun. All brain, no penis.
Well, I guess it goes from God, to Jerry to you to the cleaners. Right, Kent?
I'm not much on rear window ethics.
Jeff, you've got a lot to learn about homicide. Why, morons have committed murders so shrewdly that it's taken a hundred trained police minds to catch them.
Jeff, you know if someone came in here, they wouldn't believe what they'd see? You and me with long faces plunged into despair because we find out a man didn't kill his wife. We're two of the most frightening ghouls I've ever known.
Intelligence. Nothing has caused the human race so much trouble as intelligence.
Well, if there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.
I've got the bullets!
You're tearing me apart!
Man, they got a shit load of cookies!
'Tis the season, convict.
That's why chicks dig you, man. They love this freaky, poetic crap.
He's in love with you. I've only ever seen him look at one other girl the way he looks at you, and she's a lot shorter and shares his DNA.
Hey. I know you. You're the one that run into my trash.
Okay. Have a nice day, Uh, night.  Night, day, doesn't mean shit.
Don't care how long it takes, dildos! Repo Man's got all night, every night.
Goddamn-dipshit-Rodriguez-gypsy-dildo-punks. I'll get your ass.
Hey, I've changed my mind. Shoot this piece of shit, will ya?
Larry, stop pointin' that fuckin' gun at my Dad!
Ain't that a sad sight, Daddy, the man walks in the prison a white man, walks out talkin' like a fuckin' nigger. You know what, I think it's all that black semen been pumped up your ass so far, now it's backed into your fuckin brain, and it's coming out your mouth!
I'm very sorry the government taxes their tips, that's fucked up. That ain't my fault. It would seem to me that waitresses are one of the many groups the government fucks in the ass on a regular basis. Look, if you ask me to sign something that says the government shouldn't do that, I'll sign it, put it to a vote, I'll vote for it, but what I won't do is play ball. And as for this non-college bullshit I got two words for that: learn to fuckin' type, 'cause if you're expecting me to help out with the rent you're in for a big fuckin' surprise.
I've never really been anywhere.
Tomo-chan told me to.
Don't hurt me Arch... I'm only little!
That, Roman and Mickey, is the famous Archie Slap.
I've never seen a fighter that concerned about his hair.
Don't you think I hear things?
I'd like to kill the freaking guy who broke this mirror.
Peace? Peace. I hate the word, as I hate hell, all Montagues, and thee.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
Eyes, look your last! Arms, take your last embrace!
Romeo, thou art a villain.
Part, fools! Put up your swords. You know not what you do!
But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Juliet is the sun.
Consort? What, dost thou make us minstrels? If thou makes us minstrels, look to hear nothing but discords. Here's my fiddlestick  ; here's that will make you dance. Zounds, consort!
SHAZAM! I think I'm in Mayberry.
Look, I guarantee there'll be tough times. I guarantee that at some point, one or both of us is gonna want to get out of this thing. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life, because I know, in my heart, you're the only one for me.
"How does she get all those guys to propose? She's not even that beautiful." Bite me, paper boy!
Hi, I'm Cindy, Maggie's unmarried cousin.
What's wrong with you man? You never step in front of a black man at a buffet line.
No, I'm Lee's new muscle. And don't let this robe fool you, this is the only color they had left.
I'm gonna give you an L.A.P.D ass-whuppin'!
I'm gonna pretend you a man. A very beautiful man with a great body that I'd like to take to the movies.
Don't be messing with me, Lee. I will kick your ass. I'll hit you so hard you'll end up in the Ming Dynasty. I mean it, I'll bitch slap you back to Bangkok!
That's my CD! Don't you ever touch a Chinese man's CD!
She's in love with a dead guy anyway.
Mmm, I'm a little bit lonely these days
Also, you'll find a pair of safety glasses and some earplugs under your seats. Please feel free to use them.
I'm sorry, I just came by to thank you for WRECKING MY LIFE!
That's how easy it is to give to charity around here. Don't put your shit on the floor.
Dr. Gordon, this is your wake-up call. Everyday of your working life you have given people the news that they're gonna die soon. Now *you* will be the cause of death. Your aim in this game is to kill Adam. You have until six on the clock to do it. There's a man in the room with you. When there's that much poison in your blood, the only thing left to do - is shoot yourself. There are ways to win this, hidden all around you. Just remember, X marks the spot for the treasure. If you do not kill Adam by six, then Alison and Diana will die, Dr. Gordon... and I'll leave you in this room to rot. Let the game begin.
Hello, Paul. You are a perfectly healthy, sane and middle-class male yet last month you ran a straight razor across your wrist. Did you cut yourself because you truly wanted to die or did you just want some attention? Tonight, you'll show me. The irony is that if you want to die you just have to stay where you are, but if you want to live, you'll have to cut yourself again. Find the path through the razor-wire to the door but hurry. At 3:00 that door will lock and then, this room becomes your tomb. How much blood will you shed to stay alive?
Don't get it confused, Tony. I don't fuck around with the *help*.
Okay, Caracicatriz. You can die too. It makes no difference to me.
Hey! Will you shut the fuck up and let me sing?
schindler's list
schindler's list
schindler's list
schindler's list
It's Hebrew, it's from the Talmud. It says, "Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire."
schindler's list
schindler's list
Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired, I'll be very unhappy.
schindler's list
schindler's list
Gentlemen, thank you very much. I think I can guarantee you- you'll both be in Southern Russia before the end of the month. Good day.
There's always some stupid bullshit reason to kill your girlfriend. That's the beauty of it all! Simplicity! Besides, if it gets too complicated, you lose your target audience.
"I'll send you a copy." BAM! Bitch went down. "I'll send you a copy." BAM! Sid! Superbitch!
What's your favorite scary movie?
Mmmm... corn syrup. Same stuff they used for pig's blood in "Carrie."
Look, Kenny, I know you're about fifty pounds overweight, but when I say hurry, please interpret that as MOVE YOUR FAT TUB OF LARD ASS NOW!
What's the matter Sidney? You look like you've seen a ghost.
It's called subtlety, Stu. You should look it up.
It's so sad. Her mom and dad found her hanging from a tree limb, her insides on the outside.
No, please don't kill me, Mr. Ghostface, I wanna be in the sequel!
Look, local woman! I know you hold me up as your career template and that it gives you some sort of charge to challenge me, but give it a rest.
Hey, you'd better check your conscience at the door sweetie. I'm not here to be loved.
Oh, it's rough being friends with you, Sid.  When you're friends with Sid, you die.
It's impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions.
Marianne, can you play something else? Mamma has been weeping since breakfast.  I meant something LESS mournful dearest.
Marianne, please try... I cannot... I cannot do without you. Oh, please, I have tried to bear everything else... I will try... but please, dearest, beloved Marianne, do not leave me alone.
Oh, you are the loveliest girls that ever I set eyes on. Can you not get them married, Mrs. Dashwood?
Ooh, a cottage! How charming. A little cottage is always very snug.
Mama,  there is a painful difference between the expectation of an unpleasant event and its final certainty.
What're we expectin' to find here that equals the worth of a turd?
Run-tse duh shang-dee, ching dai-wuhtzo... make them stop! They're everywhere. Every city, every... every house, every room; they're all inside me! I can hear them all and they're saying... NOTHING! GET UP! Please, get up! Wuo-shang mayer, maysheen byen shr-to. Please God, make me a stone.
Doctor, I'm takin' your sister under my protection here. If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you, I will get very choked up. Honestly, there could be tears.
Ain't logical. Cuttin' on his own face, rapin' and murdering - Hell, I'll kill a man in a fair fight... or if I think he's gonna start a fair fight, or if he bothers me, or if there's a woman, or if I'm gettin' paid - mostly only when I'm gettin' paid. But these Reavers... last ten years they show up like the bogeyman from stories. Eating people alive? Where's that get fun?
Boy, it sure would be nice if we had some grenades, don't you think?
Love. You can learn all the math in the 'verse... but you take a boat in the air that you don't love... she'll shake you off just as sure as the turn of the worlds. Love keeps her in the air when she ought to fall down... tells you she's hurting before she keels. Makes her a home.
Shiny. Let's be bad guys.
I'm a hairsbreadth from riddlin' you with holes, Doctor!
Well, something sure the hell ain't right.
I've never credited the Alliance with an overabundance of brains and if you're the best they've got...
Officers, life doesn't have to be ugly. See, look at the birds out there. Listen to their call: "Oo-ee! Oo-ee! Oo-ee! Oo-ee! Oo-ee!"
Christ, that was Beaver Cleaver's mother.
Oh, kids, are you doing your homework?
It's been a crazy day hasn't it?
Hey, can I borrow your mother? My Aunt is coming for dinner and she's always getting on my nerves.
Well, Chip's off to a fine start this year.
I'm sorry. I'm your neighbor and my dog ran up on your dick... deck!
Yeah, it's all so hot three days in!
Yes, the honeymoon to a romantic Mexican resort that I prepaid on my credit card to surprise the man who jilted me.
It's the last single girl kiss.
I'm gonna say the one thing you aren't supposed to say. I love you... but I love me more. I've been in a relationship with myself for 49 years and that's the one I need to work on.
Sweetie, you shit your pants this year. I think you're done.
Oh, honey, you made a little joke. Good for you!
It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
sex, lies and videotape
sex, lies and videotape
sex, lies and videotape
Ann, I don't understand why this freaks you out so much. You didn't do it, I did. And if it doesn't bother me, why should it bother you?
sex, lies and videotape
sex, lies and videotape
sex, lies and videotape
sex, lies and videotape
Well, that would have them rolling in the aisles.
I'm a dead man and buggered to boot!
Mr. Tilney! Have a care with my name - you will wear it out!
Nurse, as I love you and you love me, you will bind my breast and buy me a boy's wig.
God, you two are sensitive! All I'm doing is implying some kind of ugly sordid sexual liaison. I'd be proud of that sort of thing.
Cameron, what a surprise!
I've never seen a dead body before. I saw my grandmother of course, but I don't think that counts. I mean, she was alive at the time.
Family? Family? Friends? Drugged-up wandering suicidal search of the self fuck-ups don't have families.
C'mon, who's the greatest cocksucker in the whole world?
It's a matter of professional integrity! No girl wants to marry a doctor who can't tell if a man's dead or not!
Data, data, data. I cannot make bricks without clay.
You're a dead-end, dead-beat, nowhere mister with a kisser like a Mississippi alligator's sister!
Time's tight, Janet. Do it right, Janet. Until tomorrow night, Janet?
Ah, hello, Mr. and... Mrs. Majors. How wonderful to see you. I'm Dr. Cosmo McKinley, and this is my sister and... colleague... Dr. Nation McKinley.
Hi, Brad. I've just come to tell you how fabulous I am.
Well...! First you go rip, rip, rip/Then you go snip, snip, snip/Then you whip in a zip, zip, zip/And split it up to the hip, hip, hip/And as you strip, strip, strip/You quiver and shiver for that soft caress/As you slip, slip, slip/Into that little black dress.
You'll find happy hearts, and smiling faces, and tolerance for, the ethnic races, in Denton.
You're blinded by romance, you're blinded by science. Your condition is critically grave, but don't expect mercy from such an alliance. Suspicion of tradition's so new wave.
Cheerleaders: They call us the goody goody two shoes/ We're here to cheer you with the good news/ That D-E-N-T-O-N gets T-E-N/ That's ten out of ten!
Now, you see the way we got rid of that dirty little dish is the same way we're going to put the rest of our house in order! Including... the upstairs!
Night-night, it's time for bye-byes, it's been a great day, thanks a heap. Now it's time for everyone to go to sleep...
Donkey, two things okay? Shut... up!
That's enough! He's ready to talk.
Hey, that's my princess! Go find your own!
Oh, that's funny. Oh. Oh. I can't breathe. I can't breathe.
I'll find those stairs. I'll whip their butt, too. Those stairs won't know which way they're going... take drastic steps, kick it to the curb. Don't mess wit' me. I'm the Stair Master. I've mastered the stairs. I wish I had a step right here, right now, I'd step all over it...
That'll do, Donkey. That'll do.
Sure, it's big enough... but look at the location!
Quaffable, but uh... far from transcendent.
Listen, honey. Let me call you right back. Miles and I are in the middle of something. No, it's nothing serious, Miles is just having one of his freak-outs. Yeah. Love you too.
You're getting *married* on Saturday?
There's a monster outside my room, can I have a glass of water?
It's not contaminated, you don't even know what that word means.
You're wasting your time here. I'm not going to report this or anything you do to my crops to the police or news or anybody. You're not going to get famous.
Don't open my pantry, Father. I found one of them in there and I locked him in.
It's like War of the Worlds.
You'll lose the signal.
Closer, please. Clo-ser...
Advancement, of course. Listen carefully. Look deep within yourself, Clarice Starling. Go seek out Miss Mofet, an old patient of mine. M-o-f-e-t. Go now, I don't think Miggs could manage again quite so soon, even though he is crazy.  Go now!
Well, Clarice - have the lambs stopped screaming?
You're very frank, Clarice. I think it would be quite something to know you in private life.
I'm a little too old to be playing "Hardy Boys meet Reverend Werewolf"!
Mister, you got a lot to learn about people.
Mind? You bring a posse to my best hideout and you ask me if I mind? Mister, I don't know any of those names. You're about to die.
Now, I don't wanna kill you, and you don't wanna be dead.
Sam... It's nice to meet you.
Yes, ma'am. I've killed Doyle Hargraves with a lawnmower blade. Yes, ma'am, I'm right sure of it. I hit him two good whacks in the head with it. That second one just plum near cut his head in two... It's a lil' ol' white house on the corner of Vine Street and some other street. There's a pick-up truck out front that says "Doyle Hargraves Construction" on it. Doyle said besides sending the police, you might wanna send an ambulance or a "hearst". I'll be sitting here, waiting on ye.
Something's wrong with me.
Don't let them in your mouth!
Now, I don't care what kind of leprosy you got. We need to find that girl. Now, you can make this peaceful, or you can make it hard.
Baali, keep up! The chaiwalah knows more than you.
Well, well. The Slumdog Barks.
Duck, or you're gonna be talkin' out yo ass!
Hoss, you ain't gonna believe this, but that cray sombitch just tried to drive right up under my truck!
smokin' aces
smokin' aces
Don't worry, I forgive you Darwin.
smokin' aces
smokin' aces
smokin' aces
smokin' aces
Uh, no. No. That area is currently under construction.
I'm driving down the road with your head stuck in my window. What does it look like I'm doin'?
Well, why didn't you just  "bust a cap in his ass," Tommy?
Wow! That's a great load off me mind. Now, if you wouldn't mind telling me who the fuck you are, apart from someone who feeds people to pigs of course!
It's an unlicensed boxing match. It's not a tickling competition. These lads are out to hurt each other.
Alright, give your mother a kiss, or I'll kick your teeth in.
Fine. Go. You've stayed your hour.
something's gotta give
Erica, you are a woman to love.
something's gotta give
something's gotta give
Harry, your heart attack could be the best thing that's ever happened to me!
something's gotta give
I'm like the dumb girl that doesn't get it. I've never been the dumb girl before. It ain't so great.
something's gotta give
something's gotta give
something's gotta give
something's gotta give
I'm going to pluck you up!
Ow! That Hurt, you butt licker!
Dammit! It never gets any easier!
Wow, I guess you can light a fart on fire, huh?
Flor! Look at this child! You could make a fortune doing surrogate pregnancy!
Lately, your low self-esteem is just good common sense.
Don't translate asides.
God, you sound like Rex! You wanna die like him, too? Will that make you happy?
Racing's in our blood. Like for Pops, it isn't just a sport. It's way more important than that. It's like a religion. And in our house, the major sponsors are kind of like the devil. I don't mean to offend you, sir, and I do appreciate your offer, but after all we've been through, I don't think this kind of deal is for me.
Ok, Mr. 2-time-Grand-Prix-5-time-WRL-future-Hall-of-Fame... teach me something.
Folks, I knew Rex Racer and if he's up there somewhere watching this race, you can bet your ass he's damn proud of his little brother.
Don't take it out on me because you feel guilty about what happened to Rex!
spider-man
spider-man
It's no use, Schulz, you might as well come clean. Why don't you just tell them it's me, because I'm really the illegitimate son of Hitler, and after the Germans win the war, you're going to make me the Gauleiter of Zinzinnati!
What's the matter with you, Security? You were always so calm. Especially when you let Manfredi and Johnson go out there.
Bah! One Fuhrer is enough!
I've never beamed three people from two targets onto one pad before! I thought that was pretty good!
Captain's log, Stardate: two two five eight point four two... four... uh, whatever. Acting Captain Spock has marooned me on Delta Vega, in what I believe is a violation of Security Protocol 49.09 governing the treatment of prisoners on-board a starship.
Space: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life-forms and new civilizations; to boldly go where no one has gone before.
Kirk, you're coming too, you're not supposed to be here anyway...
Mr. Chekov, set a course... for home.
Ugh! Human females are so repulsive.
Now, if you'll have to excuse me, Captain. I have an appointment with eternity and I don't want to be late.
Jim. Your name... is Jim.
DON'T call me "Tiny."
Oh, him? He's harmless. Part of the free speech movement at Berkeley in the sixties. I think he did a little too much LDS.
Hello, Alice. Welcome to "Wonderland".
I'm ready, Spock! Let's go find George and Gracie!
Admiral, there be whales here!
Admiral, if we were to assume these whales were ours to do with as we pleased, we would be as guilty as those who caused their extinction.
Captain's personal log, supplemental. We're heading toward Federation space at maximum warp. The crew has responded with the dedication I've come to expect of them. And like a thousand other commanders on a thousand other battlefields, I wait for the dawn.
I'm trying to believe you, Shinzon. If there is one ideal that the Federation holds most dear, it is that all men, all races can be united. What better example? A Starfleet captain, standing in the Romulan Senate. Nothing would make me more proud than to take your hand in friendship - in time... when that trust has been earned.
You're too slow, old man.
I'm glad we're together now. Our destiny's complete.
I'll show you my true nature - *our* nature. And as Earth dies, remember, I will always, forever, be Shinzon of Remus. And my voice shall echo through time long after yours has faded to a dim memory!
I'm with you, Imzadi. I'll always be with you now!
Enterprise, what we got back didn't live long... fortunately.
Jim... This... simple feeling is beyond V'ger's comprehension.
I've always known I'll die alone.
Well, don't just stand there. God's a busy man!
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower!
Well... I see we have a long way to go.
Ahh... parting is such sweet sorrow. Don't we hear the chimes at midnight?
I'm going to sleep this off. Please let me know if there's some other way we can screw up tonight.
Mr. President, they are vulnerable... there will never be a better time.
Indeed. The record shows that Captain Kirk once held the rank of Admiral. And that Admiral Kirk was broken for taking matters into his own hands in defiance of regulations of the law. Do you deny being demoted for these charges? DON'T WAIT FOR THE TRANSLATION. Answer me now.
You're a great one for logic. I'm a great one for rushing in where angels fear to tread. We are both extremists. Reality has brought us somewhere in-between.
Why, that cunning little Vulcan!
Captain's Log, stardate 9529.1. This is the final cruise of the Starship Enterprise under my command. This ship and her history will shortly become the care of another crew. To them and their posterity will we commit our future. They will continue the voyages we have begun, and journey to all the undiscovered countries, boldly going where no man... where no *one* has gone before.
I'm going to miss these flesh-stretching sessions, my dear.
Will, Geordi: go back and put a face on what's happening here. Make the council see the Baku. It's too easy to turn a blind eye to the suffering of a people you don't know.
I'm not letting go of him!
Surely, I have made my meaning plain. I mean to avenge myself upon you, Admiral. I deprived your ship of power, and when I swing around, I mean to deprive you of your life.
I'll give him this: he's consistent!
Scotty, I need warp speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
Space: the final frontier. These are the continuing voyages of the starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life forms and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
Alright, come on. And the red one. Come on. Well, come on Red, let's go.
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.
Well, you can forget your troubles with those Imperial slugs. I told you I'd outrun 'em.  Don't everyone thank me at once.
Help! I think I'm melting! This is all your fault!
There'll be no escape for the princess this time.
That's no moon. It's a space station.
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears that you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honor.
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Luke... Luke... do not... do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or suffer your father's fate you will. Luke, when gone am I... the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is... another... Sky... walker.
General, count me in.
Don't worry, my friend's down there. He'll have that shield down in time.  Or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.
It's over, Commander. The rebels have been routed and they're fleeing into the woods. We need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
Wait, I know that laugh...
Ain't it great how they want to be your friend right after they rip your guts out?
You're some sort of big, fat, smart-bug, aren't you?
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!
No, Henry James was the novelist, Frank James was the criminal. Yup, you came to the right place. Jesse James was the brother.... Of the novelist. That's right, Susie. See you tomorrow, Susie.
It's not a lie. It's a gift for fiction.
It's the truth that you should never trust anybody who wears a bow tie. Cravat's supposed to point down to accentuate the genitals. Why'd you wanna trust somebody whose tie points out to accentuate his ears?
I'm sorry you're sick.
Don't be afraid of it, Daddy.
I'm not an idiot man. I watch TV.
Well, I've lost my appetite.  For about a year.
Look... everyone needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometimes, it's what we are.
You're gonna be in my next song. It's called "RoboSteckler." It's about a cop who met his worst nightmare: a nigga with enough political juice to squash your ass like a stinkbug! You gonna be famous, fucker!
Oooh... a little B&E action.
Oh, Daddy doesn't mind a little scandal. He's a senator.
Don't worry, I'm not going to shoot you, Mr. Haines. It might disturb Mother.
Doesn't that bloodhound ever relax? He sticks so close he's beginning to grow on me - like a fungus.
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat ever since this whole thing started!
Then, there's Hannah Wald. She's this uber-Christian, doesn't really say much. In fact, if she wasn't kinda pretty, you'd say ''Hey, who's the 'tard?''
Yeah? Well, how would you like me to introduce my foot into your ass!
Norma, you're a woman of 50, now grow up. There's nothing tragic about being 50, not unless you try to be 25.
Oh, wake up, Norma, you'd be killing yourself to an empty house. The audience left twenty years ago.
I'd like the coffin to be white, and I want it specially lined with satin. White... or pink. Maybe red! Bright flaming red! Let's make it gay!
No-one ever leaves a star. That's what makes one a star.
We're gonna make a money pool, cause it's the smart way. It's capital, you don't spend it, you invest it. So that way we can get to do SP-250, and with money left over.
It's a business lie, it's different from a life lie.
There's not a lot that I am good at. But I'm good at getting guys to want me. Not date me, or marry me, but want me.
I'm sorry that I blocked your cock...
There's a strong streak of good in you, Superman. But then nobody's perfect... almost nobody.
Lex, my mother lives in Hackensack.
It's kryptonite, Superman. Little souvenir from the old home town. I spared no expense to make you feel right at home.
It's amazing that brain can generate enough power to keep those legs moving.
Superman! Thank God!  I mean, get him!
... Frankly, I think this place is a bit boring. I mean, it's all WHITE! Why doesn't this Superman guy put up some nice posters here... Maybe some bullfighting stuff, or a pool table...!
Vera, get ahold of yourself. No one else ever will.
Uh... no pain, no gain?
Lenny, I've always considered you the Dutch Elm disease in my family tree.
I'd want to tell him that I cherished the time we spent together, and I never expected anything from him. Even if I only saw him for a few moments, it made me happy. And I'd want to tell him that I love him and that I'll always love him. And... no matter what happens on this world, I know he tried his best to help us.
Goodnight, sweet prince. Parting is... inevitable.
Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels!
Don't remove the gangplank, Sidney - you may wanna get back onboard.
That's fish four days old. I won't buy it!
President? My big toe would make a better President!
You're dead, son. Get yourself buried.
Here's mud in your column!
I'd hate to take a bite outta you. You're a cookie full of arsenic.
Son, I don't relish shooting a mosquito with an elephant gun, so why don't you just shuffle along?
Sidney, conjugate me a verb. For instance, "to promise."
Sidney, this syrup you're giving out with... you pour over waffles, not J.J. Hunsecker.
It's a dirty job, but I pay clean money for it.
Don't you get messages, Eyelashes? I called you twice.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do! That gives you a lot of leeway...
Harvey, I often wish I were dead and wore a hearing aid. With a simple flick of a switch, I could shut out the greedy murmur of little men.
Trent, the beautiful babies don't work the midnight to six shift on a Wednesday. This is like the skank shift.
Haven't you seen Boyz N The Hood? Now one of us is going to get shot.
You're so money and you don't even know it!
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
Hazel, you've been a part of me forever. Don't you know that? I breathe your name in every exhalation.
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
Listen, you fuckers, you screwheads. Here is a man who would not take it anymore. A man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth, the shit. Here is a man who stood up.
How's everything in the pimp business?
I'm Reese. Sergeant Tech-Com, DN38416. Assigned to protect you. You've been targeted for termination.
Hey, man, you've got a serious attitude problem.
Hey, buddy, did you just see a real bright light?
Listen, and understand. That terminator is out there. It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you are dead.
There's a storm coming.
Hello, Doctor Silbermann. How's the knee?
So, what's your story?
What's wrong with your eyes?
You're the one livin' in a fuckin' dream, Silberman! 'Cause I know when it happens! It happens!
Huh. Damn rat's breathing that shit. That is no bullshit, hands down. The Goddamnedest thing I ever saw.
It's a bottomless pit, baby. Two-and-a-half miles straight down.
Howdy. Uh... How are you guys doin'?
I'm a homicidal maniac, they look just like everyone else.
Don't torture yourself, Gomez. That's my job.
You've done this before.
I've come for your tv. You've been using too much juice. Another 10,000 kilowatts again this month. Beats me how an old, homicidal loony can use that much power.
It's not my goddamn planet. Understand, monkey boy?
Let's go back up to my office and talk about this like two reasonable beings.
BANZAI! I'LL-A SEE YOU IN-A HELL!
What... you didn't really think we'd kill the fuckin' koala bear, now did ya?
Oh, Arnie. Sometimes when we touch, the honesty's too MUCH.
hibb... hibbdy... Maybe I did die in the explosion, you know.
Damn, baby, I hope you signed some organ donor cards.
Here's to you, Johnny. Sucking my dick.
Hey, great pipes, huh? I've heard cats fuck with more harmony.
You're 10 seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
Mr. President, you've got bigger problems than losing me. You just lost my vote.
It's sass, right? You're sassin' me.
Yeah, hi, good morning... how do I get an outside line?  Well, that was easy.
There's never an egg timer around when you need one.
Sydney, Congress doesn't take this long.
Um... I lost my husband and my beeper... have you seen either one of them?
That's the way it crumbles... cookie-wise.
Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.
'Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring... nothin'... no action... dullsville!
I'd like to spell it out for you... only I can't spell!
Mildred! He's at it again.
I'm not the madam, kid. I'm just one of the whores, just like you.
Mrs. Peel, you're needed.
He's a VH1 documentary without the music.
Richard, this is just the kind of pretentious bullshit that Americans always say to French girls so they can sleep with them.
I'm the only one who does believe. I see him for the power-drunk madman he is. And we're supposed to worship such a deity? I say never.
Yes, Walter, you're right. There is an unspoken message here. It's "FUCK YOU, LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!" Yeah, I'll be at practice.
Fifteen, Dude. This is it. Let's take that hill!
Hey, careful, man, there's a beverage here!
H-hey, this is a private residence, man!
What's this day of rest shit? What's this bullshit? I don't fuckin' care! It don't matter to Jesus. But you're not foolin' me, man. You might fool the fucks in the league office, but you don't fool Jesus. This bush league psyche-out stuff. Laughable, man - ha ha! I would have fucked you in the ass Saturday. I fuck you in the ass next Wednesday instead. Wooo! You got a date Wednesday, baby!
Say, friend - you got any more of that good sarsaparilla?
Lady, I got buddies who died face down in the muck so that you and I could enjoy this family restaurant!
Where's the fucking money Lebowski?
They're gonna kill that poor woman.
Walter, I love you, but sooner or later, you're going to have to face the fact you're a goddamn moron.
That's right, Dude, they peed on your fucking rug.
Leads, yeah, sure. I'll just check with the boys down at the crime lab, they've got four more detectives working on the case. They got us working in shifts!  Leads!  Leads...
I'm throwing rocks tonight. Mark it, Dude.
Oh, fucking hell. I can't breathe.
Don't they ever stop migrating?
It's the end of the world
Uh, Eve, this is Adam. Look, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did for me. And I wanted to tell you that I... that uh... that I wish so many good things for you. I wish so hard that all of your dreams come true, and... and that's all I... and that's all.
Television. Television is the explanation for this - you see this in bad television. Little assault guys creeping through the vents, coming in through the ceiling - that James Bond shit never happens in real life! Professionals don't do that!
Hey, Boris. What would you do if I told you your pinko Commie mother sucked so much dick, her face looks like an egg?
I'll catch you on the flip side.
Now, you Irish cops are perking up. That's two sound theories in one day, neither of which deal with abnormally sized men. Kind of makes me feel like Riverdancing.
Oh, isn't that beautiful? All the lowlifes in quiet city Boston start dropping dead and *you* think it's unrelated! Greenly, the day I want the Boston Police to do my thinking for me, I will have a fucking tag on my toe!
We'll start the ass-kissing with you.
Yeah, it's St. Patty's Day, everyone's Irish tonight. Why don't you just pull up a stool and have a drink with us?
You'd better get yourself a good lawyer.
Listen, people - do you have any idea who you're dealing with? This is Jason Bourne. You are nine hours behind the toughest target you have ever tracked. Now I want everyone to sit down, strap in, and turn on all you've got. That would mean now.
Saturday, March 24,1984. Shermer High School, Shermer, Illinois, 60062. Dear Mr. Vernon, We accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole Saturday in detention for whatever it was we did wrong. What we did *was* wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you who we think we are. What do you care? You see us as you want to see us - in the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. You see us as a brain, an athlete, a basket case, a princess and a criminal. Correct? That's the way we saw each other at 7:00 this morning. We were brainwashed.
That's very clever, sir. But what if there's a fire? I think violating fire codes and endangering the lives of children would be unwise at this juncture in your career, sir.
I'd do that. I'll do anything sexual, and I don't need a million dollars to do it either. I'm a nymphomaniac.
Hey, how come Andrew gets to get up? If he gets up, we'll all get up, it'll be anarchy.
Hey, homeboy, what do you say we close that door, we'll get the prom queen impregnated.
Oh, obscene finger gestures from such a pristine girl.
We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
You're kind of sexy when you're angry.
So, do you want more eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
That's my new favorite camel.
I'm not thrilled they set this in Mexico. There could be legitimate reasons, but Mexico's- and I don't like to simplistically vilify an entire country- but Mexico's a horrible place.
Yeah, you remember me? We had a nice chat once when I was seven...
I'm not a doctor. I haven't been to medical school; I haven't even been to high school.
I've looked at so many women. I've seen everything, and felt nothing. But when I look at you, it hurts.
No, Lady; he hasn't gotten to me. Not yet; but he might, he just might.
Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think? That I would fuck with your happiness? That hurts me.
Gentlemen, I want to thank you for your vote of confidence. As the new director of casino operations I want to make a personal guarantee to each and every one of you that your investment in the Golden Shangri-La will be well looked after. The future looks very bright, gentlemen. Very, very bright.
Don't get me wrong. Nostalgia is great. We love nostalgia. But nostalgia belongs in a museum. I think there comes a time to decide whether you're running a museum or you're running a casino.
Victims; aren't we all?
Can't rain all the time...
What's all this happy horseshit?
Bingo! He shoots, he scores!
Great. A guy shows up looking like a mime from Hell and you lose him right out in the open. Well, at least he didn't do that walking against the wind shit, I hate that.
Congratulations, Monkey! You just bought yourself a fighting chance!
I'll start with Nemo, and then work my way up the food chain.
You're wasting your breath Angelito. Nobody's up there... listening.
Gas, spark, bad combination.
It's not about how well you play, it's how you feel about what you play.
I'm always lookin' out my own eyes.
It's a funny thing about comin' home. Looks the same, smells the same, feels the same. You'll realize what's changed is you.
Benjamin, we're meant to lose the people we love. How else would we know how important they are to us?
You'll see little man, plenty of times you be alone. You different like us, it's gonna be that way. But I tell you a little secret I find out. We know we alone. Fat people, skinny people, tall people, white people... they just as alone as us... but they scared shitless.
We're from the north, Pete. What do we care about Brighton? Bloody southerners. Look where we are! We're almost in France!
Oh, I don't like to be beside the seaside...
Gort! Klaatu barada nikto!
I'm concerned about a Chinaman who thinks it's wise to come to a business transaction with automatic weapons.  For his own good, tell Bruce Lee and the Karate Kids none of us are carrying automatic weapons. Because here - in this country... it don't add inches to your dick. You get a life sentence for it.
We're not here to solve the case of the missing scumbag, we're here to nail Costello.
I'm the poet and you're my muse.
We're gonna fuck death away!
What's wrong with being a large mammal?
You're a poet, not a rock star.
Love, death, travel, revolt, chaos.
Luck, my friend, luck. Who needs it more than we?
Never. Oh, never. Nothing will die. The stream flows, the wind blows, the cloud fleets, the heart beats. Nothing will die.
Hello... my name is... John Merrick.
Life!... is full of surprises. Consider the fate of this creature's poor mother, struck down in the fourth month of her maternal condition by an elephant, a wild elephant. Struck down!... on an uncharted African isle. The result is plain to see... Ladies and gentlemen... The terrible... Elephant... Man...
Ownership. I hate being owned.
Father, could you help an old altar boy? I'm Cat'lick.
They've found something... small pieces.
So, what's for dessert?
What's happened to you? Have you been kissing ass so long, you're starting to like it?
Listen, you're not going soft on me, are you? I mean, you're not going to start dreaming about me and waking up all sweaty and looking at me like I'm some sort of princess when I burp?
Don't screw up the best thing in your life just because you're a little unsure about who you are.
Father, are you sure she's a supreme being?
Finger's gonna kill me.
I'm Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Jack - I can't find my baby.
Alright, listen up, people. Our fugitive has been on the run for ninety minutes. Average foot speed over uneven ground barring injuries is 4 miles-per-hour. That gives us a radius of six miles. What I want from each and every one of you is a hard-target search of every gas station, residence, warehouse, farmhouse, henhouse, outhouse and doghouse in that area. Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles. Your fugitive's name is Dr. Richard Kimble. Go get him.
Oh, you're right. The devil has come to Tsavo. Look at me! I am the devil.
Well, we all worked together. Worthy deeds were accomplished.
Attention, shoppers. There's a Retail Rodeo special on aisle 3. Liquid Drain Cleaner, 2 12-ounce cans for $5.00. Liquid Drain Cleaner has churning power and it will churn right through your pipes. Ladies, you need female plumbing. Shove something clean and new up your filthy pipes. That's Liquid Drain Cleaner on aisle 3. Have a good day and thank you for shopping at Retail Rodeo.
You're a hooker, you hooker.
Look, maybe we could do something else together. Mrs. Robinson, would you like to go to a movie?
Mrs. Robinson, if you don't mind my saying so, this conversation is getting a little strange.
Tom, you gotta learn like I'm learnin'. I don't know it right yet myself. That's why I can't ever be a preacher again. Preachers gotta know. I don't know. I gotta ask.
Well, Pa, a woman can change better'n a man. A man lives sorta - well, in jerks. Baby's born or somebody dies, and that's a jerk. He gets a farm or loses it, and that's a jerk. With a woman, it's all in one flow, like a stream - little eddies and waterfalls - but the river, it goes right on. Woman looks at it thata way.
Boy, watchu lookin' at? Watchu lookin' at? You limp noodle. Ya wanna kiss my ass? Ya wanna suck my dick?
He's chokin'. Whatever he sucked out of her, he's choking on!
We'll be doing this for real tomorrow night and I don't want nobody to remember some stupid joke like that and get it going again. You ever try to not to laugh in church when something funny gets stuck in your head? Same goddamn thing.
It's a tumor, Paul. A brain tumor. They got x-ray pictures of it. The size of a lemon, they said... way deep down inside where they can't operate. I haven't told her. I can't think of how. For the life of me, Paul, I can't think of how to tell my wife... she's going to die.
Honey, if you don't tell me what's on your mind, I'm afraid I'll have to smother you with a pillow.
Well, who's a boy gonna talk to if not his mother?
It's the weekend, Budnick. I don't know you. You do not exist.
Oh, come on this is crazy; maybe she doesn't want to be found.
Zaphod's just zis guy, ya know?
I've calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
Life? Don't talk to me about life!
Vogons. They are one of the most unpleasant races in the galaxy. Not actually evil, but bad-tempered, bureaucratic, officious, and callous. They wouldn't even lift a finger to save their own grandmothers from the ravenous Bug-Blatter Beast of Traal without orders signed in triplicate, sent in, sent back, lost, found, queried, subjected to public inquiry, lost again, and finally buried in soft peat for three months and recycled as firelighter. On no account should you allow a Vogon to read poetry to you.
OK. Leave this to me. I'm British. I know how to queue.
Greetings. This is a recorded announcement as we are all out at the moment. The Commercial Council of Magrathea thanks you for your esteemed visit but regrets that the entire planet is temporarily closed. If you would like to leave your name and a planet where you can be contacted, kindly do so at the tone.
Who's going to want me now?
It's hard for me to take your despair very seriously, Doctor. You obviously enjoy it so much.
Say, buddy, who's the most liquid businessman on the street? Waring Hudsucker!
You're a MUNCIE girl?
Sir, my leg is on fire!
Yeah, and if a frog had wings, it wouldn't bump it's ass a-hoppin'.
It's a pity to waste a whole Montecristo.
You're here on a rain check, and I know it! You're hanging on by your nails. Let that glory whistle ring out loud and clear, and you're a wreck on a railroad track! You're a horse that finished last! Now, don't make trouble, Miss Lady Bug! Live and let live while you can!
I'm shooting pool, Fats. When I miss, you can shoot.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Ben, you're boring me. I have a husband. I don't have a need for another one.
Mikey's been out of it since the day he was born.
He's come to collect.  He's early.
Superladies? They're always trying to tell you their secret identity... think it'll strengthen the relationship or something like that. I say, "Girl, I don't wanna know about your mild-mannered alter ego or anything like that. I mean, you tell me you're, uh... S-Super, Mega, Ultra Lightning Babe, that's alright with me. I'm good... I'm good.
Snug, I'm calling in a solid you owe me.
We're dead! We're dead! We survived but we're dead!
You're not affiliated with me!
Look, I'm The Dash. The Dash likes. Yeah-hah.
It's bigger. It's badder. Ladies and gentlemen, it's too much for Mr. Incredible!
Easy, Helen, easy, easy girl. You're overreacting, everything's fine, they're just... all getting coffee! At the same time. Yeah.
Behold, the Underminer! I'm always beneath you, but nothing is beneath me! I hereby declare war on peace and happiness! Soon, all will tremble before me!
Hey! No force fields!
We've frozen all of Syndrome's assets. If he even sneezes, we'll be there with a hanky and a pair of handcuffs.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Time out!
Oh, come on! You gotta admit this is cool! Just like a movie! The robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage, throw some screaming people, and just when all hope is lost, *Syndrome* will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were!
What's this have to do with the price of tea in China?
So, what you're saying is it wasn't enough to fire me for no good reason. Now you question my integrity? On top of the humiliation of being fired, you threaten me? You threaten my family? It never crossed my mind not to honor my agreement. And I will tell you, Mr. Sandefur... and Brown & Williamson too - fuck me? Well, fuck you!
'Tortious interference?' That sounds like a disease caught by a radio.
I'm Lowell Bergmann, I'm from 60 Minutes. You know, you take the 60 Minutes out of that sentence, nobody returns your phone call.
"Mike"? Try "Mr. Wallace." We work in the same corporation, doesn't mean we work in the same profession. What are you gonna do now? You gonna finesse me? Lawyer me some more? I've been in this profession fifty fucking years. You and the people you work for are destroying the most-respected, the highest-rated, the most-profitable show on this network!
Hi, I'm Bob I'm the spokesperson for the Coca-Cola company. I'm here today to ask you to continue buying coke. Sure it's a drink you've been drinking for years, and if you still enjoy it, I'd like to remind you to buy it again sometime soon. It's basically just brown sugar water, we haven't changed the ingredients much lately, so there's nothing new I can tell you about that. We changed the can around a little bit though. See, the colors here are different there, and we added a polar bear so the kids like us. Coke is very high in sugar and like any high calorie soda it can lead to obesity in children and adults who don't sustain a very healthy diet. So that's it, it's coke. It's very famous, everyone knows it. I'm Bob, I work for coke, and I'm asking you to not stop buying coke. That's all.It's a bit sweet. Thank you.
Saudis, like Americans, don't do manual labor.
Niggas! Two thousand years after Jesus, thirty years after Martin Luther King, the age of Montel; sweet Lord of mercy is that where we at?
You, madam, are addressing a man, who is in fact quiet... and yet, not quiet, if I may offer to you a riddle.
Uh, can you wield the device with your maimed extremity?
She's hot, Joe. She rates a three on my finger scale. That means I'd cut off three of my fingers if God would let me fuck her.
It's okay. It's okay, folks. It's okay. It's okay. Thank you. Thank you. Danger is my middle name. Don't try this at home, folks. I'm a trained professional. There's me, and there's Super Dave.
You've done everything you can do. Save yourself! If the worst happens, and only one of us survives, something of the other does, too.
You've complimented me with your persistence and patience, but the decision I've come to is this. I would rather make the gravest of mistakes than surrender my own judgment.
Mamacita, let me in! Let me in! Let me in! If you love me, let me in!
There's one thing I don't understand. The thing I don't understand is every motherfuckin' word you're saying.
Gee, you must have really been through something.
They're gonna blow my head off, you know. This is the last time I'll ever be pretty.
No. It's not a fantasy. I'm in the goddamn P.T.A...
Don't give me attitude, sir.
...It ain't over. You're going to die screaming... and I'm going to watch. Am I telling the truth?
So... you, uh, ladies liking the angle of the dangle?
I'm warning you, I am a lethal killing machine. It was a secret government experiment. They did stuff to me. Spooky stuff... Anal stuff. It turned me into a dangerous telekinetic. As the ancient Tibetan Philosophy states "Don't start none, won't be none!"
They're only noodles Michael.
Lucy, you're the only woman I ever knew that didn't improve her situation by getting divorced.
Don't kill anyone until we get back to you!
Peter, if you want me to run your little camping trip, there are two conditions: first, I'm in charge, and when I'm not around, Dieter is. All you have to do is sign the checks, tell us we're doing a good job, and open your case of scotch when we have a good day. Second condition: my fee? You can keep it. All I want in return for my services is the right to hunt one of the tyrannosaurs. A male, a buck only. How and when is my business. Now if you don't like either of those conditions, you're on your own. So go ahead, set up base camp right here, or in a swamp, or in the middle of a Rex nest for all I care. But I've been on too many safaris with rich dentists to listen to any more suicidal ideas, OK?
Ajay, go down to my ranch, take a look around the trophy room, and then tell me what kind of quarry is on this hunt that would interest me?
Don't go into the long grass!
That's the last time I leave you in charge.
Yeah, I worked in a barbershop, but I never considered myself a barber. I stumbling into it. Or married into it, more precisely.
Me, I don't talk much... I just cut the hair
I'm all shot to hell.
Hello, Captain. Do you remember me?
Genius. That was genius. Buddy, I have chills! What side of whose bed did you wake up on, man?
I'm going to enjoy watching you die, Mr. Anderson.
Neo. You scared the b'Jesus out of me.
Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.
Remember... all I'm offering is the truth. Nothing more.
Mr. Wizard. Get me the hell out of here.
It's the Silence of the Goats!
Oh, yeah. This just keeps gettin' better and better.
Abdul?  Mohammed? ... Bob?
Lord, you sure knew what you were doing when you brung me to this very cell at this very time. A man with ten thousand dollars hid somewhere, and a widder in the makin'.
It's a hard world for little things.
Child... You were looking for love, Ruby, in the only foolish way you knew how.
She'll not be back. I reckon I'm safe in promising you that.
No, no! Don't you touch that, little lamb. Don't touch my knife, that makes me mad. That makes me very, very mad.
She'll be losing her mind to a tricky mouth and a full moon, and like as not, I'll be saddled with the consequences.
There's too many of them. I can't kill the world.
Mmmmm... an interesting reaction! But what does it mean?
Won't they be impressed, I am a ge-ni-us! See how I transform this old rat inTO a most deLIGHTful hat!
'Twas a long time ago, longer now than it seems in a place perhaps you've seen in your dreams. For the story you're about to be told began with the holiday worlds of auld. Now you've probably wondered where holidays come from. If you haven't I'd say it's time you begun.
You've poisoned me for the last time, you wretched girl!
Eureka! This year, Christmas will be - OURS!
J-J-J-Jack! But they said you were dead. You must be - double dead!
No, Zero. Down, boy... My, what a brilliant nose you have. The better to light my way! You're the head of the team, Zero!
Yes, he totaled a car, but it was an environmentally friendly car. Why doesn't that get reported?
Look, I'm not some crazy Ted Bundy guy. I'm not going to rape or kill you or anything... which is of course what Ted Bundy would say.
I'm a fan of yours, you know. Your number one fan. But if you fuck this up, I'll smash your ankles with a sledgehammer!
He's not coming back.
We're going to do this my way, no highway option.
I'm a parent. I haven't got the luxury of principles.
Here, sell this. Food is more important than time.
What... what do you think you'll do while you're setting up your new line of defense? Wander around luggin' your suitcases?
Majorek, this is the greatest pianist in Poland, maybe the whole world.
2,000 and my advice is to take it. What will you do when you're hungry? Eat the piano?
Well, to tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.
Ah, more Jewish police. You mean you want me to beat up Jews and catch the Gestapo spirit? I see.
Doctor, would an ape make a human doll that TALKS?
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Don't make me use this.
It's gotta be the uniform.
Wouldn't it be great if wars could be fought just by the assholes who started them?
U.S. Mail... Restored United States... Do these people really believe that shit?
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
There's a shortage of perfect breasts in this world. It would be a pity to damage yours.
He's right on top of us. I wonder if he is using the same wind we are using.
They're kissing again. Do we have to read the kissing parts?
"Springtime for Hitler" a gay romp with Adolf and Eva at Berchtesgaden... Wow!
Ooh, I fell on my keys!
"Congratulations! Hitler will run forever."
Bloom, I'm drowning. Other men sail through life, Bialystock has struck a reef. Bloom, I'm going under. I'm condemned by a society that demands success when all I can offer is failure. Bloom, I'm reaching out to you. Don't send me to prison... HEEELLP!
I'm in pain and I'm wet and I'm still hysterical!
Wait! This is a decision that could effect my entire life! I shall have to think about it.  I'll do it.
Lorenzo, baby. Lorenzo St. DuBois. But my friends call me L.S.D.
That's exactly why we want to produce this play. To show the world the true Hitler, the Hitler you loved, the Hitler you knew, the Hitler with a song in his heart.
Let's open up a can of kick ass and kill 'em all, let the paramedics sort 'em out.
Let's put the women and children to bed and go lookin' for dinner!
Pest! You have any idea how hard it is to get one of those?
God? God is love. I don't love you.
Don't make me call your mother!
Don't let him out. The eagles will snatch him.
Precedent? Where do they find these people?
I'm not frightened. I'm not frightened of anything. The more I suffer, the more I love. Danger will only increase my love. It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. I will be the only angel you need. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love.
They've been shaking their ass for two minutes!
Mason, the second you don't respect this, it kills you.
Don't dream it, be it.
Touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me / I wanna be dirty! Chill me, thrill me, fulfill me / Creature of the night!
I'm just a sweet transvestite, from Transsexual Transylvania.
I'll tell you once, I won't tell you twice, you better wise up, Janet Weiss. Your apple pie don't taste too nice. You better wise up, Janet Weiss.
We've got to get out of this trap! Before this... decadence... saps our wills. I've got to be strong, und try to... hang on! Or else, my mind may well *snap*! Und my life... will be lived...  for ze *thrills*...
Oh, slowly, slowly! It's too nice a job to rush.
There's a light, over at the Frankenstein place.
"Emotion: Agitation or disturbance of mind; vehement or excited mental state." It is also a powerful and irrational master. And from what Magenta and Columbia eagerly viewed on their television monitor, there seemed little doubt that Janet was indeed... its slave.
Hi, my name is Brad Majors, and this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss; ah... you are...?
I'm lucky, he's lucky, we're all lucky!
Dammit, Janet, I love you.
You're not listening!
Well, Reverend, that tears it! From now on, you stay out of this. All of ya. I don't want you with me. I don't need ya for what I got to do.
You're not a tipsomaniac at your age?
I'm a terrible failure Mary. A book clerk by day, a poet by night. Not a very good one. But if you'll trust me, in this one thing I won't fail. I'll find your sister.
I'm sorry, I don't practice anymore. I find it easier to write about mental illness and leave the cure to others.
Red, I do believe you're talking out of your ass.
Dufresne? Get your ass out here, boy! You're holding up the show!  Don't make me come down there now! I'll thump your skull for you!  Dufresne, dammit, you're putting me behind! You better be sick or dead in there, I shit you not!  Oh my Holy God.
Well, if it was a toothbrush I wouldn't ask questions, I'd just quote a price, but then a toothbrush is a non-lethal object, isn't it?
You're gonna look real funny sucking my dick with no teeth.
I'd like to think that the last thing that went through his head, other than that bullet, was to wonder how the hell Andy Dufresne ever got the best of him.
Son, six wardens have been through here in my tenure, and I've learned one immutable, universal truth: Not one of them born whose asshole wouldn't pucker up tighter than a snare drum when you ask them for funds.
Lord! It's a miracle! Man up and vanished like a fart in the wind!
It's amazing how fast you get used to such a big place. I tell you, when we first came up here I thought it was kinda scary.
Here's to five miserable months on the wagon, and all the irreparable harm it has caused me.
Tony, I'm scared.  Remember what Mr. Hallorann said. It's just like pictures in a book, Danny. It isn't real.
Hi, Lloyd. Little slow tonight, isn't it? HAHAHAHA!
Wendy, you've got a big surprise coming to you. You're not going anywhere.
I'll just set my bourbon and advocaat down right there.
Hi, I've got an appointment with Mr. Ullman. My name is Jack Torrance.
Larry, just between you and me, we got a very serious problem with the people taking care of the place. They turned out to be completely unreliable assholes.
We're the CIA, something always goes wrong.
Hub, I think we're all eager to give our weekends up on this, I know I am... but it just occurs to me, has any one committed a crime here? I mean, assault with a deadly color...?
It's easy to tell the difference between right and wrong. What's hard is choosing the wrong that's more right.
Silence, village idiot!
I'm ready to communicate with you now.
Hey, come on! I'll show you where my dad keeps his gun. Come on!
You're right, Henry. It's not enough. But  it's close!
You'd make a good poker player, kid.
Waiter, will you serve the nuts? I mean, will you serve the guests the nuts?
Oh, Nicky, I love you because you know such lovely people.
Haven't you heard the news? I'm a gentleman now!
What's that man doing in my drawers?
I'd make comic faces... and stand on my head and grin at you between my legs... and tell all sorts of jokes. I wouldn't stand a chance, would I?
Don't be so gloomy. After all it's not that awful. Like the fella says, in Italy for 30 years under the Borgias they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love - they had 500 years of democracy and peace, and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock. So long Holly.
That's a nice girl, that. But she ought to go careful in Vienna. Everybody ought to go careful in a city like this.
That's it. Next time you drive.
We've become bored with watching actors give us phony emotions. We are tired of pyrotechnics and special effects. While the world he inhabits is, in some respects, counterfeit, there's nothing fake about Truman himself. No scripts, no cue cards. It isn't always Shakespeare, but it's genuine. It's a life.
There's nothing that can't be done.
It's not payback! It's precaution. You want payback? You wanna run? I don't care! I'm not doing this for Fenster, I'm not doing it for you... I'm doing it for me. I'm gonna finish this thing. This Kobayashi bastard is not gonna stand on me!
I'll probably shit blood tonight.
There's no fucking coke.
Don't Worry. I'll keep my pants on.
Mom, this is so not the time to be yourself.
I'd rather fight with you than make love with anyone else.
Pike; "I wouldn't have it any other way", *either*!
Well, how'd you like to kiss my sister's black cat's ass?
Oh, but anyway, Toto, we're home. Home! And this is my room, and you're all here. And I'm not gonna leave here ever, ever again, because I love you all, and - oh, Auntie Em - there's no place like home!
Why, anybody can have a brain. That's a very mediocre commodity. Every pusillanimous creature that crawls on the Earth or slinks through slimy seas has a brain. Back where I come from, we have universities, seats of great learning, where men go to become great thinkers. And when they come out, they think deep thoughts and with no more brains than you have. But they have one thing you haven't got: a diploma.
My! People come and go so quickly here!
Lions, and tigers, and bears! Oh, my!
Shucks, folks, I'm speechless. Ha Ha!
I've got a witch mad at me and you might get into trouble!
James! You can't kill me! Not in cold blood!
She's waiting for you.
There's no point living, if you can't feel alive.
Louise, no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
Well, I've always believed that if done properly, armed robbery doesn't have to be an unpleasant experience.
Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
You've always been crazy, this is just the first chance you've had to express yourself.
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
They're being issued identity cards. When the call comes, the evacuation officers meet them at pre-arranged departure areas. They go by helicopter to Mount Weather; we meet them there... Of course, that's for morale. Missiles only take five minutes to get here.
We've got a bunch of smart guys. We lock 'em in a room and kick 'em in the ass until they come up with some solutions... I'll do it.
I'll whistle up some luck for you.
I'll tell you one thing, Kenny. Those brass hats have one big advantage. That is, if we do what they want us to do, there's none of us gonna be alive to tell them they were wrong.
We've worked up several military scenarios; before I ask General Taylor to take us through the various options, I'd like for us to adopt a rule: If we decide to strike, we must agree now to do it *before* the missiles become operational, because once they are I don't think we can guarantee getting them all before at least... at least some of them are launched.
*I* have the authority! I am the commander in chief of the United States, and I say when we go to war!
You're a good man; your brother is a good man. I assure you there are other good men. Let us hope the will of good men is enough to counter the terrible strength of this thing that was put in motion.
Gentlemen, for the last fifteen years, I've fought at this table alongside your predecessors in the struggle against the Soviet. Now I do not wish to seem melodramatic, but I do wish to impress upon you a lesson I learned with bitter tears and great sacrifice. The Soviet understands only one language: action. Respects only one word: force.
Mr. President, you give me the order right now, my planes will be ready to carry out the air strikes in three days time. All you gotta do is say "go," and my boys will get those Red bastards.
Jesus, I... I feel like we caught the Jap carrier steaming for Pearl Harbor.
Mr. President, the motto I chose for SAC is "Peace is Our Profession." Now, God forbid we find ourselves in a nuclear exchange, but, if launched, those missiles from Cuba would kill a lot of Americans. The very presence of those missiles gives the Soviets first-strike capability. Those missiles make a nuclear exchange more likely, and that is why I'm being such a pain in the ass about destroying them, and destroying them immediately.
Let's hope appeasement doesn't run in families. I fear weakness does.
Well, gentlemen, if anybody's got any great ideas, now's the time.
Yeah, you pull that hot shot stuff around me, and I'll break every bone in your goddamn body. You understand me? Yeah, you're in for a change, mister, a whole 'nother ball game.
Well... You can want in one hand and shit in the other, and see which one fills first.
Why, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, wo-o-o!
That's what makes S.F. so badass; we got the best flashlights.
Hey, I don't know if I can do this. I got a family. If I'm gonna shit in a bag for the rest of my life because I got shot after the war was over, that would pretty fucking stupid wouldn't it, Major?
Great! A fuckin' tank! That should send us on our way.
Didn't think I'd get to see anybody get shot in this war.
Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul!
Well, well, well, the Washington Redskin.
Congratulations. You've just made your first ticker.
We're not violent people, Michael. It pains us to pain you.
Oh, you amuse me, Roy, but I'm the only woman in America born after World War II that thinks astrology's a crock of shit.
It's a lock! I hit my 7-iron like John Daly hits the 3.
That's because you think of it as transportation, Boone. Think of it as bragging rights. Think of yourself sitting around the bar, crowing to your cronies about the Cadillac you won from me. They'll forget all about the Winnebago you lost to me.
It's been 84 years, and I can still smell the fresh paint. The china had never been used. The sheets had never been slept in. Titanic was called the Ship of Dreams, and it was. It really was.
Well, the boy's a hero then! Good for you, son. Well done.
So, you wanna go to a real party?
What? Do you think a first class girl can't drink?
That's one of the good things about Paris: lots of girls willing to take their clothes off.
I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
That's John Jacob Astor, the richest man on the ship. His little wifey there, Madeline, is my age and in a delicate condition. See how she's trying to hide it?
God! Look at that thing! You would've gone straight to the bottom.
Gentlemen. It has been a privilege playing with you tonight.
That's the last time I ever saw him. He married, of course. And inherited his millions. But the crash of '29 hit his interests hard, and he put a pistol in his mouth that year. Or so I read.
I'll never let go, Jack. I promise.
Ah, forget it, boyo. You're as like to have angels fly out your arse as get next to the likes of her.
Incredible. There's Smith and he's standing there and he's got the iceberg warning in his fucking hand, excuse me, his hand, and he's ordering more speed.
No, thank you. We are dressed in our best and are prepared to go down as gentlemen. But, we would like a brandy.
Fifteen-hundred people went into the sea, when Titanic sank from under us. There were twenty boats floating nearby... and only one came back. One. Six were saved from the water, myself included. Six... out of fifteen-hundred. Afterward, the seven-hundred people in the boats had nothing to do but wait... wait to die... wait to live... wait for an absolution... that would never come.
It's true, you are a good woman. Then again, you may be the antichrist.
Fight's commenced! Get to fightin' or get away!
I'm your huckleberry...
Nonsense, I have not yet begun to defile myself.
Sheriff, allow me to present a pair of fellow sophisticates. Turkey Creek Jack Johnson and Texas Jack Vermillion. Mind your ear, Creek.
Can't you people keep anything locked up?
Yes, sir, we're next month's garage sale fodder for sure.
No-one has ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.
That's *Mister* Potato Head to you, you back stabbing murderer!
Great! Now I have guilt!
"Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children." Cool! What am I gonna blow?
Hey, look! It's Woody and Buzz, comin' up fast!
Mrs. Potato Head, Mrs. Potato Head, Mrs. Potato Head... hey, I can dream, can't I?
Phew! I haven't felt that good since Archie Gemmill scored against Holland in 1978!
Well, this is a good fucking laugh, ain't it? You sweat that shite out of your system. 'Cause if I come back and it's still here... I'll fucking kick it out. Okay?
Unicron, my master... with this, I shall make you my slave.
We've got to get a new travel agent.
Open, damn it, open! Prime, you said the Matrix would light our darkest hour.
Rumble, Frenzy, Ravage, Ratbat, eject! Operation: interference.
Behold, Galvatron! And these shall be your minions.  Scourge, the tracker. And his huntsmen, the Sweeps.  Cyclonus, the warrior. And his armada.
It's not hard to knock 'em down, it's getting them to stay down that's the trick!
Me, Grimlock, want to munch metal.
I've got better things to do tonight than die.
I'll rip out your optics!
Me, Grimlock, not "nice dino." Me mash brains!
Here's the plan. We don't even stop. Ride like hell. Tonight we keep right on going. We'll walk the horses.
I've got a goddamn plan!
Well, there sure as hell ain't nothing to stop us now... everybody we know between here and Bixbe's already dead.
Well, thanks for everything, you know, saving my life and stuff.
Melvin! One of these days someone's gonna kick your ass!
Oh, man, this isn't happening, it only thinks its happening.
Look, just so I can tell my friends, what this dream is about, okay? Where am I?
Darling, remember, you are Gaston Monescu. You are a crook. I want you as a crook. I love you as a crook. I worship you as a crook. Steal, swindle, rob. Oh, but don't become one of those useless, good-for-nothing gigolos.
No, no, Francois, I tell you, no. You see, Francois, marriage is a beautiful mistake which two people make together. But with you, Francois, I think it would be a mistake.
Well, I'll leave you alone with that lady. But if you behave like a gentleman, I'll break your neck.
It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
Well, let's not drag the constitution into this.
It's a scale really, with a perfect mission at one end and a total pooch screw at the other, and we're right about in the middle.
Well, you see, this is the problem with terrorists. They're really inconsiderate when it comes to people's schedules.
Women. Can't live with 'em. Can't kill 'em!
Well, he ain't so much a good guy as he is just a bad mother fucker. I mean, he gets paid by people to fuck guys up.
You're an actor. Act, motherfucker.
I'm gonna go jump in the tub and get all slippery and soapy and then hop in that waterbed and watch X-rated movies 'till you get your ass back in my lovn' arms.
I'm looking for the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.
Oh, still stubborn, aren't we? Is that what makes you so special to Edward?
I'd rather die than to stay away from you.
Ah... you brought a snack.
Beautiful. Very visually dynamic. I chose my stage well.
Floridians. That's whats in Jacksonville.
Edward, stop. Her blood is clean. You're killing her. Stop. Find the will.
She's my cousin... but doesn't she look almost exactly like Laura Palmer?
Don't go there Laura! Don't go there!
Wow, Bob, Wow. Fire walk with me.
Diane, it is 4:20 PM. I'm standing on the bank of Wind River near the location of where the body of Teresa Banks was found. Diane, this case gives me a strange feeling. Not only has Special Agent Chester Desmond dissappeared without a trace, but this is one of Cole's blue rose cases. The clues that were found by Special Agent Desmond and Agent Stanley have led to dead ends. The letter that was extracted from beneath the fingernail of Teresa Banks gives me the feeling that the killer will strike again. But like the song goes, "who knows where, or when?"
Now, her name *is* Irene and it *is* night. Don't take it any further than that. There's nothin' good about it.
Hey, slow pokes... Guess what? There's no tomorrow... Know why, baby? 'Cause it'll never get here.
Goddamn, these people are confusing.
Nine's really late. We're really early.
There's no such thing as too far. You understand? You push everything as far as you can. You push and you push and you push until it starts pushing back. And then you push some goddamn more. Remember that when you're with this guy today.
You've been a bad girl, Grace!
Bye, Mister. Don't go nowhere without me. I wanna have your love child.
Damn. Gonna be another hot one today. Sometimes I don't even want to get out of bed. Course, I don't want to get out for the cold ones neither.
It's the desert that makes you crazy. The loneliness out here. Nobody to talk to. People on the run.
It's not just a car. It's a sixty-four-and-a-half Mustang convertible.
I'm just going to shoot you once!
You'd better not be back there jacking off to the Japanese comics, I swear to God...
And, to answer your question, there are two reasons why I'm looking at you like this. One because it seems in a few minutes you will officially be the only survivor of this train wreck, and two, because you didn't break one bone, you don't have a scratch on you.
I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.
Sorry, Mr. Fredricksen. You don't seem like a public menace to me. Take this.  The guys from Shady Oaks will be by to pick you up in the morning, okay?
Whoa, that's s gonna be like a billion transfers to get back to my house...
You're so pretty. You're exactly what I want to look like in fifteen years.
No, I don't think of him that way; he's old.
Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one.
"The multiplying villainies of nature do swarm upon him  disdaining fortune/with his brandish'd steel, which smoked with bloody execution...?
I'm a soldier, but in serving my country, I have betrayed my conscience.
I'm thinking of earlier times.
Don't you know that when you sleep with someone, your body makes a promise whether you do or not.
You'll be meeting Rebecca Dearborn, my personal role model.
I'll tell you in another life, when we are both cats.
Don't ever say that word. I will never come over and bring you chicken soup and fuck your brains out again.
Doc, once you've been driven off a bridge at 80 miles an hour, somehow you don't invite happiness in without a full body search.
These? These are more than headaches. These are steel plates slicing through my every thought.
He's my son. He's very shy.
Relax, David. Open your eyes.
It's been a brilliant journey of self-awakening. And now you've simply got to ask yourself this: What is happiness to you, David?
There's no way for them to understand. You and I know who killed Madeleine.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past - someone dead - can enter and take possession of a living being?
That's not the point, Adam. I mean, the room is covered in blow; Moore looks like he went at it with a fuckin' mountain lion; I mean, the room looks like the Manson family stayed here a month. This is a major thin-ice situation we got here.
She's not going to squeeze my shirt like that, is she?
Yes, I have risked. I hope I am always able to risk everything for the just and right cause.
Who'll pinch me to wake me up? Who will laugh at me when I fall? Whose breath will I listen for so that I may sleep? Whose hand will I hold so that I may walk?
Papa, I cannot see his color.
We're not gonna have a war, we're gonna have the appearance of a war.
I'm not gonna let this stand.
Yeah! Woooo! I just bagged the elephant!
Kid, you're on a roll. Enjoy it while it lasts, 'cause it never does.
You're walking around blind without a cane, pal. A fool and his money are lucky enough to get together in the first place.
Sun-tzu: If your enemy is superior, evade him. If angry, irritate him. If equally matched, fight, and if not split and reevaluate.
I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox.
Well, you're only the President of the company. What the hell do you know, anyway?
We're all just one trade away from humility.
It's not always the most popular person who gets the job done.
It's the same everywhere - once the tripods begin to move, no more news comes out of that area.
Ray, I'm standing right next to you. Talk to me. What's going on?
We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
There's nothing living in that direction!
You're gonna do great things, Franklin. This place has identity now, a purpose.
Rorschach's Journal: October 12th, 1985. Tonight, a comedian died in New York.
Hm. Never disposed of sewage with a toilet before. Obvious, really.
I'm sorry, I was never very good at languages.
Don't touch me. Get away from me! Get out! I said, get out!
Norman, this isn't about you! Something is happening to me. And it's... it's not to get even, and it's not some warped bid for attention. Something is happening in our house, whether you like it or not!
Please. Think of Caitlin.
Adversary? Surely you mean *adversary*, old boy?
Sharon? Please, do me a favor. Just tell me truthfully, when was the last time you CHECKED MY CHILDREN?
Well, I'd love to go into the subject of vertigo and everything but I wouldn't want you to go and piss your pants.
Mommy's going to the beauty parlor, darling, but I'm leaving you with your favorite friend, Roger. He's going to take very, very good care of you, because if he doesn't... HE'S GOING BACK TO THE SCIENCE LAB.
Roger, darling. I want you to know I love you. I've loved you more than any woman's ever loved a rabbit.
Here's to the pencil pushers. May they all get lead poisoning.
Work's been kinda slow since cartoons went to color. But I've still got it. Boo boo be do, boo.
Mr. Valiant?  I hope you're proud of yourself, and those pictures you took.
That's it, no more Mr. Knife guy.
We're all very happy that you're going to live, John Book. We didn't know what we would do with you if you'd died.
4:30. Time for milking.
Okay, James, I wish you hadn't shot my girlfriend's dog. Even though Poe and I weren't exactly what you'd call simpatico, that's no reason he should've taken two in the chest.
So. I guess we just divorce our spouses, marry each other, and have this baby, right? Simple.
x-men
x-men
x-men
Don't you people ever die?
Yeah, this is the haute cuisine of garments.
you've got mail
you've got mail
you've got mail
Well, as far as I'm concerned, the Internet is just another way of being rejected by women.
you've got mail
you've got mail
you've got mail
you've got mail
you've got mail
Don't you just love New York in the fall?
you've got mail
you've got mail
you've got mail
Oh, no, she's beautiful, but she's a pill.
you've got mail
}: I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York. Just the beat of my own heart. I have mail - from you.
you've got mail
Kevin, this is possibly the most adorable creature I've ever been in contact with, and if she turns out to be as good looking as a mailbox... I would be crazy enough to turn my life upside down and marry her.
you've got mail
you've got mail
You're gonna' have a great time with her tonight. Just be yourself... mostly.
That's the thing about the truth. It'll set you free, but first it'll really piss you off!
You've been a bad girl, Grace!
Don't admire people too much, they might disappoint you.
Look, defenseless babies!
Ain't no Vietcong ever called me nigger.
I'm Bruce Nolan with Eyewitness Nose... Eyewitness Nose... that's right!
You'll wind up a Hindu; and love all forms of life, no matter how small.
You've been taken to the cleaners, and you don't even know your pants are off.
Dylan... until mommy gets back... whatever you do don't fall asleep.
I'm not a bathroom attendant!
Don't tease me, you know what I do for a living.
I'll go put these in some rubbing alcohol.
Well, a son is a poor substitute for a lover.
We're always quickest to doubt people who have a reputation for being honest.
I'll lick the stamps.
Well, if it doesn't jell, it isn't aspic, and this ain't jellin'!
You're dancing on razor blades here.
Ben, if you mixed drinks that way you mixed metaphors, you'd be out of a job...
Son, you got a talent for stating the obvious.
I've got a goddamn plan!
Don't you puke on my shoes Harry.
Where's Chili Palmer, where's Leo DeVoe... *where's* my fuckin' money?
I'm the guy who's telling you the way it is.
Unfortunately, you don't have the balls to back up the actions of your huge cock.
There's no needles here kid, just a big fucking gun!
Gas, spark, bad combination.
Don't follow the lights.
You'll find more cheer in a graveyard.
Don't piss me off, junior, or I WILL repaint this office with your brains.
Ladies, Ladies, Ladies, Jay and Silent Bob are in the hizzouse!
Affleck, you the *bomb* in Phantoms yo!
I'm gonna finger-bang her tight little asshole / Finger-bang and tea-bag my balls / Where, where, in her mouth / Balls a-plenty in her mouth / Balls Balls Sweaty Balls
Dude, I think I just filled the cup.
Don't bother to scream.
I'd keep my promises if I were you.
You're not as vile as I thought you were.
It's not everyday you find a girl who'll flash someone to get you out of detention.
You'd better get yourself a good lawyer.
Yeah, it's all so hot three days in!
Yes, the honeymoon to a romantic Mexican resort that I prepaid on my credit card to surprise the man who jilted me.
It's the last single girl kiss.
It's my lot in life to be surrounded by beautiful women.
Well... You can want in one hand and shit in the other, and see which one fills first.
Why, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, wo-o-o!
You're too slow, old man.
I've got a witch mad at me and you might get into trouble!
He's not coming back.
I'm gonna make you rich, Bud Fox.
We're all just one trade away from humility.
It's not always the most popular person who gets the job done.
Don't they ever stop migrating?
That's not your mother, it's a man, baby!
There's nothing as pathetic as an aging hipster.
I'll never forget this night as long as I live, and I'll never forget you for making it possible.
Let's see if you bleed green.
Look, it's okay for me to shit in the street, but *you* gotta use a toilet.
Kids... always a disappointment.
Yeah, this is the haute cuisine of garments.
Majorek, this is the greatest pianist in Poland, maybe the whole world.
Well, to tell you the truth, I thought it would be worse.
I'll tell you the greatest regret of my life: I let my love go.
Let's make some fuckin' money, folks.
Well, Clarice - have the lambs stopped screaming?
I've been in love with you since I was eleven, and the shit won't go away.
All's fair in love and basketball.
Heroin, peppermint-flavored heroin.
You're a hooker, you hooker.
We're leaving this house in 60 seconds.
I'm sorry I had to fight in the middle of your Black Panther party.
Sometimes, I guess there just aren't enough rocks.
That's all I have to say about that.
Unicron, my master... with this, I shall make you my slave.
We've got to get a new travel agent.
Me, Grimlock, want to munch metal.
I'll rip out your optics!
Well, that was brilliant...
Larry, stop pointin' that fuckin' gun at my Dad!
schindler's list
schindler's list
Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired, I'll be very unhappy.
I'm gonna... set the building on fire.
That's what I'm talkin' about when I talk about America!
God... let this be it.
Now, do you know what a clitoris is?
Mr. Hammond, the phones are working.
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
synecdoche, new york
Now, on top of everything else, I gotta make sure no one fucks around with the Golden Jew.
Peek-a-boo, you fucks, you!
So, you wanna go to a real party?
That's one of the good things about Paris: lots of girls willing to take their clothes off.
I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.
jaws: the revenge
jaws: the revenge
I've always known I'll die alone.
Oh, dear God, it's growing bigger!
You'd make a good poker player, kid.
She's only a ship, mate.
It's the Bible, you get credit for trying!
You're not a tipsomaniac at your age?
Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease.
There'll be no escape for the princess this time.
Don't make me use this.
It's gotta be the uniform.
Wouldn't it be great if wars could be fought just by the assholes who started them?
Father, are you sure she's a supreme being?
Finger's gonna kill me.
It's a hard world for little things.
Child... You were looking for love, Ruby, in the only foolish way you knew how.
She'll be losing her mind to a tricky mouth and a full moon, and like as not, I'll be saddled with the consequences.
They've been shaking their ass for two minutes!
Phillip, wake up... Have a nice stroll, asshole.
Let's snuff the sucka.
Don't mess with me, Porkchop.
Glick's the kind of asshole that would bless his own clubs for a better game.
That's what you get, Mother fucker!
So, Jay tells us you're gonna sleep with him.
Hey, why don't you look over that way before I bust you in your fuckin' head.
Something's wrong with me.
Don't let them in your mouth!
Let's see if we can get blood from a stone.
Well, this looks like the end of a terrible friendship.
Sorry, I'm just... trying to be nice.
We'll dispose of these mementos when we're done here, that way you won't be confused by their unexplainable presence in your home.
Well, kiddo, I thought you outgrew superstition.
It's Halloween, everyone's entitled to one good scare.
Michael, take that thing off.
I'm not killing people... my future's in television.
I'm all shot to hell.
Joey, have you ever been in a... in a Turkish prison?
I'm a civilian, not a trout - you have no authority over me whatsoever.
We, uh, trapped him with our chopper.
Negro, what the hell you doing to my woman?
Hey, homeboy, what do you say we close that door, we'll get the prom queen impregnated.
Oh, obscene finger gestures from such a pristine girl.
You're kind of sexy when you're angry.
Well, well, well, the Washington Redskin.
I'm gonna break your face!
Oops... slippery little suckers.
I'm gonna give you an L.A.P.D ass-whuppin'!
Oh, spare me the psychobabble father bullshit.
Maybe, if we work at it, we can get Dawson charged with the Kennedy assassination.
OK, brother, then you can go to some nice warm place, and I don't mean California.
Look... everyone needs to take a walk to the dark end of the street sometimes, it's what we are.
Oooh... a little B&E action.
He'll deliver more justice in a weekend than ten years of your courts and tribunals.
I'll give you a dollar if you eat this collie.
Hey, I found a toaster.
Mrs. Robinson, if you don't mind my saying so, this conversation is getting a little strange.
I'm going to enjoy watching you die, Mr. Anderson.
Mom, this is so not the time to be yourself.
I'd rather fight with you than make love with anyone else.
That's either the creepiest... or the sweetest thing I have ever heard.
Oh, come on this is crazy; maybe she doesn't want to be found.
I'm on their blacklist - their roll of honor!
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Wow, I guess you can light a fart on fire, huh?
We're not gonna have a war, we're gonna have the appearance of a war.
It's not contaminated, you don't even know what that word means.
It's like War of the Worlds.
You'll lose the signal.
I'll torture you so slowly, you'll think it's a career.
We'll take it from here.
She's been the weak tit on this mama cat ever since this whole thing started!
You're a fucking crazy man.
I'm fireproof, you're not.
Didn't I kill you already?
We're not so different as you might think.
I'm gonna go get Ted, just don't fall apart on me now!
Ok, Mr. 2-time-Grand-Prix-5-time-WRL-future-Hall-of-Fame... teach me something.
Let's put the women and children to bed and go lookin' for dinner!
Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
Romeo, thou art a villain.
I've come for you, Margaret.
That's a real nasty habit you got there.
I'd always had nightmares, but now the ghosts didn't wait for me to sleep.
Don't make me take off my sunglasses!
I'd rather die than to stay away from you.
Ah... you brought a snack.
Wow, that is one ugly dude.
Viggy, Viggy, Viggy, you have been a bad monkey!
Let's see what happens when we take away the puppy.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go home and have a heart attack.
Uuummmm, this is a tasty burger!
Jules, if you give that fuckin' nimrod fifteen hundred dollars, I'm gonna shoot him on general principles.
Hey, you won't interfere with the basic rugged concept of me personality, will you madam?
I'm going out parading before it's too late!
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people away.
I'm not an enigma, just a contradiction.
You're my conscience.
I'm having fish tonight.
Something's wrong with you, really.
Uh, Dad, you can let go now.
Lately, your low self-esteem is just good common sense.
Don't translate asides.
Don't tell me that was any meteor shower!
Why, that cunning little Vulcan!
Here's to swimmin' with bow-legged women.
I'm exercising the right not to walk.
It's not the Bible, you're not gonna go to Hell for this.
Mr. Meeks, time to inherit the earth.
You're not someone I could get interested in, Craig, you play with dolls.
Nobody's looking for a puppeteer in today's wintry economic climate.
Don't stand in the way of my actualization as a man.
I'm still here, Chief.
Shoulda, woulda, coulda, pal.
There's an old saying: Keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer.
Well, you didn't think I forgot about you, did you?
They've found something... small pieces.
C'mon baby, come ta' papa, I'll kiss ya' fuckin' dalmatian.
I'm not sure I agree with you a hundred percent on your police work, there, Lou.
Ah, hon, ya got Arby's all over me.
OK, so we got a trooper pulls someone over, we got a shooting, these folks drive by, there's a high-speed pursuit, ends here and then this execution-type deal.
I'm not talking about your damn word, Jerry.
She's my cousin... but doesn't she look almost exactly like Laura Palmer?
Sydney, Congress doesn't take this long.
Quaffable, but uh... far from transcendent.
You're getting *married* on Saturday?
Behold, as a wild ass in the desert, go I forth to my work.
Father... father, the sleeper has awakened!
What's so intelligent about writing a Requiem Mass?
Well, isn't this a good opportunity to... slip her one?
I'll whistle up some luck for you.
Well, gentlemen, if anybody's got any great ideas, now's the time.
Oh, you amuse me, Roy, but I'm the only woman in America born after World War II that thinks astrology's a crock of shit.
Yes, sir, we're next month's garage sale fodder for sure.
No-one has ever attempted a double bypass brain transplant before.
I'll just set my bourbon and advocaat down right there.
Duck, or you're gonna be talkin' out yo ass!
Sure, it's big enough... but look at the location!
I'll catch you on the flip side.
We'll start the ass-kissing with you.
Let's do it outside, in nature.
JEEEE-zus, I've got a hangover... ... you wanta drink?
So, what's your story?
What's wrong with your eyes?
Well, I'll be a monkey's bare-assed uncle.
Mr. Hunsecker, you've got more twists than a barrel of pretzels!
Don't remove the gangplank, Sidney - you may wanna get back onboard.
Son, I don't relish shooting a mosquito with an elephant gun, so why don't you just shuffle along?
Sidney, this syrup you're giving out with... you pour over waffles, not J.J. Hunsecker.
That's the last time I leave you in charge.
It's impressive to see a man feeding off his emotions.
We've met before, haven't we?
I'm voting for Dukakis.
"No duh" is a product of fear.
Hey, porky pig, I hope you get molested.
You're so money and you don't even know it!
Fine, go ahead and scream and when that "Tricikloplots" attacks you, don't come crying to me.
Ed, have a fucking cup of coffee.
Look, I don't know shit about shit but I know right from wrong!
That's the way it crumbles... cookie-wise.
Premium-wise and billing-wise, we are eighteen percent ahead of last year, October-wise.
'Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring... nothin'... no action... dullsville!
I'd like to spell it out for you... only I can't spell!
Mister, you got a lot to learn about people.
Now, I don't wanna kill you, and you don't wanna be dead.
So... you, uh, ladies liking the angle of the dangle?
You're some sort of big, fat, smart-bug, aren't you?
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!
C'mon, who's the greatest cocksucker in the whole world?
He's got you on a pedestal and me in his arms.
I'm not Josie Grossie anymore!
ocean's eleven
ocean's eleven
Well, that would have them rolling in the aisles.
I'm a dead man and buggered to boot!
It's all memorabilia, but incidental and not integral, if you know what I mean.
You've got a big mouth... now I'm gonna show you an even bigger one.
It's in the area of narcotics, Mr. Reynard, that the government tramples on the Fourth Amendment.
Well, let's not drag the constitution into this.
Don't you fucking look at me!
I'm never as good as when you're there.
Doctor, would an ape make a human doll that TALKS?
Well, at least they haven't tried to bite us.
Jesus, George, it was a wonder I was even born.
I'm gonna get that son of a bitch.
What're we expectin' to find here that equals the worth of a turd?
Boy, it sure would be nice if we had some grenades, don't you think?
I'm a hairsbreadth from riddlin' you with holes, Doctor!
Well, something sure the hell ain't right.
I've never credited the Alliance with an overabundance of brains and if you're the best they've got...
...that your ransom video already has 47,000 hits on YouTube.
He's never met a princess - only queens.
We'll tear your soul apart!
Lex, my mother lives in Hackensack.
It's amazing that brain can generate enough power to keep those legs moving.
Oooooh, nice shot, Jafa-
Don't be afraid of it, Daddy.
Didn't think I'd get to see anybody get shot in this war.
Don't make me smoke your ass, Abdul!
Paulie, pull over, I gotta take a leak.
It's safer to teach you English!
There's been a murder almost everyplace in this house!
He's a VH1 documentary without the music.
rambo: first blood part ii
rambo: first blood part ii
Sir, do we get to win this time?
Well, why didn't you just  "bust a cap in his ass," Tommy?
Hey, Sal, how come they ain't no brothas on the wall?
Oh, he's a lover, man... definitely loves what he does for a living.
Hey, I'm the flavor of the month.
Don't make me call your mother!
Oh, we totally have to.
Well, I have to admit that things are really starting to look up for me since my life turned to shit.
God, I'm so sick of Seymour.
Well, as long as she's not a complete imbecile and she's even remotely attractive.
I'm not gonna let this stand.
Don't blow smoke up my ass, it will ruin my autopsy.
I've got the bullets!
You're tearing me apart!
Goddamn, these people are confusing.
Oh, man, this isn't happening, it only thinks its happening.
Daddy, come inside before you drown!
Well, you have your war.
Ruby, this fence may be the first thing I ever did that might produce an actual result.
So, you have never wrapped your legs around this Inman?
I've had to put myself in the way of people's kindness.
I'm wetter than a fish.
Let's put him in a pot.
I'm asking for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
I'm just going to shoot you once!
Pike; "I wouldn't have it any other way", *either*!
Who's going to want me now?
I'm on my knees beggin' you not to kill me.
Sam, I can go at least another nine rounds, but you got to let me in.
Sam, you gotta be firm on this.
Snug, I'm calling in a solid you owe me.
You're not affiliated with me!
Derek, what are you trying to prove?
You're telling me telethon boy is a genius?
I'm not dying in a fucking rat maze!
It's going to be a long spring.
That's a lot of fish.
I've always wanted to join the French Foreign Legion.
I'll show you collateral damage!
I'm tired and emotional.
See, I'm not a young thing anymore.
I'm going completely crazy.
Benjamin, have you ever been severely beaten about the face and neck?
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
jennifer's body
I've calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
Hey, what's wrong with Meat Loaf's butt?
Hey, try not to suck any dick on the way through the parking lot!
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
You're not listening!
Everything's green on my screen, skipper.
That, Roman and Mickey, is the famous Archie Slap.
You're insane, but you might also be brilliant.
Andy, you have to look inside and ask this question: who are you trying to entertain - the audience or yourself?
What's this have to do with the price of tea in China?
Remember, tomorrow is promised to no one.
So, do you want my signed confession now, or after coffee?
Well, some men, once they get a whiff of it, they trail you like a hound.
OK, last one to kill a bad guy buys the beer.
We're lost, aren't we?
Mama,  there is a painful difference between the expectation of an unpleasant event and its final certainty.
We're the CIA, something always goes wrong.
I'll shoot Mommy if you tell.
Don't ever touch my sister again.
E-mail is for geeks and pedophiles.
You're gonna regret this the rest of your life... both seconds of it.
it's a wonderful life
it's a wonderful life
Can't you people keep anything locked up?
Tomo-chan told me to.
I'm a little too old to be playing "Hardy Boys meet Reverend Werewolf"!
Don't you think I hear things?
I'd like to kill the freaking guy who broke this mirror.
We're not here to solve the case of the missing scumbag, we're here to nail Costello.
Everyone's trying to get out of Washington, and we're the only schmucks trying to get in.
It's Air Force One for crying out loud and still he gets sick!
I'm a genius, not an engineer.
They're only noodles Michael.
Don't kill anyone until we get back to you!
Don't take any guff from these fucking swine.
Shit, he's killing himself!
I've never missed a plane yet.
You're my best friend, and I don't even like you.
It's the simple things in life you treasure.
It's like throwing gasoline on a flame.
Let's get out of here before one of those things kills Guy.
Wow, the floors are so clean.
I'm sorry you're sick.
What... you didn't really think we'd kill the fuckin' koala bear, now did ya?
hibb... hibbdy... Maybe I did die in the explosion, you know.
Damn, baby, I hope you signed some organ donor cards.
You're 10 seconds away from the most embarrassing moment in your life.
Kirk, you're coming too, you're not supposed to be here anyway...
Mr. Chekov, set a course... for home.
"X" never, ever marks the spot.
I'm like a bad penny, I always turn up.
Honey, there's a spider in your bathroom the size of a Buick.
something's gotta give
Erica, you are a woman to love.
something's gotta give
Harry, your heart attack could be the best thing that's ever happened to me!
something's gotta give
something's gotta give
something's gotta give
That's really not going to help.
Hey, let's get off our motha's, afterall, I just got off yours!
Hey, careful, man, there's a beverage here!
H-hey, this is a private residence, man!
Where's the fucking money Lebowski?
They're gonna kill that poor woman.
Walter, I love you, but sooner or later, you're going to have to face the fact you're a goddamn moron.
That's right, Dude, they peed on your fucking rug.
I'm going to miss these flesh-stretching sessions, my dear.
I'm not letting go of him!
Wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey!
Goddamn, motherfucker got blood all over my best clown suit.
Hi, I'm Cindy, Maggie's unmarried cousin.
I'd fuck her up the ass!
Papa, I cannot see his color.
I'm gonna nail your ass!
You'd think they'd build the parking lot of America to go with the Mall of America!
They're never gonna let you perform naked, I asked!
Victims; aren't we all?
Can't rain all the time...
What's all this happy horseshit?
Oh, I don't like to be beside the seaside...
I've got something on my gay-dar!
Mason, the second you don't respect this, it kills you.
Yo' hand is nice and supple, like a lady!
I'm ready to shoot RIGHT NOW.
He's my 17-year-old piece of gold.
It's cheaper than a movie, and there's free coffee.
Now, a question of etiquette - as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?
You're the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
General, count me in.
Obi-Wan has taught you well.
Wait, I know that laugh...
There's nothing that can't be done.
I'll probably shit blood tonight.
There's no fucking coke.
It's a three act story with a tragic end.
Alright, stand back you pedestrians, this ain't no automobile accident.
x-men
I'm a soldier, but in serving my country, I have betrayed my conscience.
I'm thinking of earlier times.
Shit, I'd rather be in Afghanistan.
Cameron, what a surprise!
Look, Simon, I made love to your mother about half an hour ago, and now I'm beginning to think that maybe it wasn't such a good idea.
Well, if it was a toothbrush I wouldn't ask questions, I'd just quote a price, but then a toothbrush is a non-lethal object, isn't it?
You're gonna look real funny sucking my dick with no teeth.
I'd like to think that the last thing that went through his head, other than that bullet, was to wonder how the hell Andy Dufresne ever got the best of him.
Great, cancer in a box.
Well, I see the usual cast of misfits and dope addicts are here.
I'm ready to communicate with you now.
Sherman, I'm coming from the South and I'm starting to not like this!
Sherman... where are all the white people?
Maria, you're incorrigible!
You'd be surprised what you'll be willing to do, when the Lamia comes for you.
I'm from the, uh, Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.
I'm sorry that I blocked your cock...
Hey, the van's on fire!
Don't remember our names, but I 'member my true mommy.
He's not drunk, Mom, he's just eccentric.
Hush, and shush, for the beldam might be listening.
I'm just a sweet transvestite, from Transsexual Transylvania.
Hi, my name is Brad Majors, and this is my fiancee, Janet Weiss; ah... you are...?
Dammit, Janet, I love you.
Don't you know that fur is murder?
Man, they got a shit load of cookies!
'Tis the season, convict.
I'll give him this: he's consistent!
Scotty, I need warp speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
Who's been holding up the damn elevator?
You'd better pray she's still alive.
Heather, my love, there's a new sheriff in town.
It's one thing to want someone out of your life, but it's another thing to serve them a wake-up cup full of liquid drainer.
it's complicated
}: I'm not really hungry, I just need to have reservations somewhere.
Don't touch the watch.
You're not confused, are you?
Pumpkin, you're dating an asshole.
You, madam, are addressing a man, who is in fact quiet... and yet, not quiet, if I may offer to you a riddle.
Uh, can you wield the device with your maimed extremity?
You've done this before.
I'm sorry, if you were right, I would agree with you.
You're a disgrace to depression.
I'm an eating, drinking, shitting, fucking Santy Claus.
I'm not your fucking Da-Da.
It's Christmas and the kid's gettin' his fuckin' present.
It's a wooden pickle.
"The multiplying villainies of nature do swarm upon him  disdaining fortune/with his brandish'd steel, which smoked with bloody execution...?
Nonsense, I have not yet begun to defile myself.
So, do you want more eggs or should we just fuck on the linoleum one last time?
I've always found that writing comes from a great inner pain.
You're a sick fuck, Fink.
Well, H.I., looks like you've been up to the devil's business.
H.I., you're young and you got your health, what you want with a job?
I'm getting a little concerned about what I'm seeing on some of these reruns.
George, didn't you ever want to know what's on the other side of the mountain?
Mr. Chang, if you don't mind, I think I'll go on being amazed - in moderation go course...
Well, I get darn sick of tryin' to pick up after a gang of fast-talking salesmen dumb enough to sell life insurance to a guy who sleeps in the same bed with four rattlesnakes.
Well, hello there, Mr. Neff.
Walter, you're all washed up.
That's a honey of an anklet you're wearing, Mrs. Dietrichson.
Tim, you're just a lost ball in the high weeds.
devil's advocate
devil's advocate
Walter, as your lawyer I'm advising you to stay the fuck away from me.
devil's advocate
Jack, I'm 26 years old, I didn't run away from home.
She's in love with a dead guy anyway.
Mmm, I'm a little bit lonely these days
I'm sorry, I just came by to thank you for WRECKING MY LIFE!
I'd use the chain if I were you.
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
malibu's most wanted
Well, who's a boy gonna talk to if not his mother?
I'm not trying to make history here.
Don't worry, I'm not gonna do what you all think I'm gonna do, which is, you know, FLIP OUT!
Don't ever stop fucking me!
I'm the poet and you're my muse.
We're gonna fuck death away!
What's wrong with being a large mammal?
Love, death, travel, revolt, chaos.
Sometimes, if things are closed, you just, open them up.
Kirill, we don't kill little babies.
So, you know where I am...and now I know where you are, Anna Ivanovna.
It's a business lie, it's different from a life lie.
It's raining cats, dogs, and democrats out there, this better be worth it.
Mrs. Collins, if that boy's your son I'll eat my yard stick.
where's the happy little tire swing?
I've never really been anywhere.
Don't give me any of that intelligent life crap, just give me something I can blow up
It's the Silence of the Goats!
There's nothing but a dark world of pain locked in that building.
I'm looking for the Army of the Twelve Monkeys.
Yum, this pretzel tastes like a freaking DONUT!
Hi, I'm calling to procure a hasty abortion...
i, robot
Lenny, I've always considered you the Dutch Elm disease in my family tree.
Gerty, is there someone else in the room?
Sam, I can only account for what occurs on this base.
You'd be surprised about what you can get, if you ask for it the right way.
Walter, you're wonderful, in a loathsome sort of way.
Madam, you are a cock-eyed liar!
I'm not even listening.
It's not my back that's killing me.
We'll be goin' now that your sign is no longer impeding our forward progress.
logan's run
logan's run
Logan... you renewed!
logan's run
Fish, plankton, sea greens... protein from the sea!
Let's never forget, we're the real story, not them.
How's this for a wet dream?
Michael, why are the drapes open?
I'd give four million just to be able to take a piss without it hurting
It's an entire religion based on an oxymoron.
Ah, you've come to read my trousers.
He's a writer, not a madman.
Conversation, like certain portions of the anatomy, always runs more smoothly when lubricated.
Don't come any closer Abbe, God's watching.
You've already stolen my heart... as well as another more prominent organ, south of the Equator.
I'm not hungry... Master.
This'll be easier than I thought.
Careful, that soup is... sharp!
Hudson, run a bypass.
Don't make an issue of my womanhood.
I'm gonna give you a little somethin' you can't take off.
It's been a pleasure chatting with a fellow cinema lover.
Admiral, there be whales here!
That's my new favorite camel.
Faith, I told you I look like a fucking orange.
Now, explain it to me like I'm a four-year-old.
Oh, Nicky, I love you because you know such lovely people.
What's that man doing in my drawers?
There's only one person in the world who's going to decide what I'm going to do and that's me...
Well, your best better get a hell of a lot fucking better, or you are gonna feel a hell of a lot fucking worse.
Hell, you might just be the best damn girl in Texas.
There's nothing wrong with me, I mean I don't like boys.
Louise, no matter what happens, I'm glad I came with you.
Well, I've always believed that if done properly, armed robbery doesn't have to be an unpleasant experience.
Well, we're not in the middle of nowhere, but we can see it from here.
You've always been crazy, this is just the first chance you've had to express yourself.
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
there's something about mary
I'm sorry, the wind caught it...
Someone, tell a joke...
I'm gonna kick some black ass!
What's your favorite scary movie?
No, please don't kill me, Mr. Ghostface, I wanna be in the sequel!
You're running around like a Puerto Rican on the fifteenth of the month!
Well, that's one way to deal with people...
Well, the party never stops on Selina Kyle's answering machine...
Dad, I have no idea who you are because you have never told me a single fact.
He's almost a stranger, and I prefer him to you!
It's rude to talk about religion, you never know who you're gonna offend.
Sometimes, the only way to catch an uncatchable woman is to offer her a wedding ring.
I've been nothin' but myself since the day I was born, and if you can't see that it's your failin', not mine.
I'm always lookin' out my own eyes.
That's bull-shit MacCawley... but it's very, very good bull-shit.
Please, for the love of God, can I fire the next one.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
Mikey's been out of it since the day he was born.
Oh, God, I'm so ashamed!
I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth.
Gage, you the one playing games?
"Springtime for Hitler" a gay romp with Adolf and Eva at Berchtesgaden... Wow!
Ooh, I fell on my keys!
I'm in pain and I'm wet and I'm still hysterical!
punch-drunk love
punch-drunk love
punch-drunk love
I'm gonna crack your fucking skull.
Mrs. Peel, you're needed.
I'm going to punch out your ugly lights, whoever you are!
Nancy, you dreamed about the same creep I did.
Yeah, like, what if we're all getting that "Diff'rent Strokes" curse or something?
We're *all* going to die.
Dead, yet still fresh.
you've got mail
you've got mail
Don't you just love New York in the fall?
you've got mail
Oh, no, she's beautiful, but she's a pill.
Sweetheart, you can't buy the necessities of life with cookies.
They've gotten a bad name 'cause, uh, I mean, there's a limited market for Parkinson's disease.
You're a MUNCIE girl?
Sir, my leg is on fire!
It's a pity to waste a whole Montecristo.
Majesty, this is not the Queen I love and serve.
smokin' aces
Don't worry, I forgive you Darwin.
smokin' aces
smokin' aces
smokin' aces
Christ, that was Beaver Cleaver's mother.
Oh, kids, are you doing your homework?
It's been a crazy day hasn't it?
Well, Chip's off to a fine start this year.
How's everything in the pimp business?
charlie's angels
charlie's angels
charlie's angels
I'm not much on rear window ethics.
Well, if there's one thing I know, it's how to wear the proper clothes.
You're not gonna shoot me Sean, not this BITCH, cuz she's worth thirty seven, million pounds.
I'm Rainbow Fucking Randolph!
Okay, I'm gonna go take a dump!
She's waiting for you.
There's no point living, if you can't feel alive.
sex, lies and videotape